1.0	Despite his infirmities, Chaudhry is not leaving the country without a fight.
1.2	Ms Hands is moving out of the frontline to a new combined Downing Street and Foreign Office role on Afghanistan.
0.8	Trenberth said there's little doubt in his mind that a warming climate is making storms more hazardous.
-1.4	Not that he is bothered.
-0.4	The elderly, by contrast, have not suffered as badly.
-0.6	"That's what we're stressing right now," Pierce said.
1.6	The trees provide a startling counterpoint of color and contour to the uniformly tan and rectilinear houses and walls surrounding them.
0.8	Last Sunday it was well down on its 2009 peak, with just 852,000.
0.4	Members of Micheletti's team confirmed that it was the threat to the legitimacy of the elections that ultimately persuaded the de facto leader to agree.
0.0	"Please go to Tibet and see if things are really good as the Chinese government says," said the Tibetan spiritual leader.
1.2	The government was at the centre of a furious backlash from leading scientists last night following its sacking of Britain's top drugs adviser.
0.4	The Mail on Sunday spoke to colleagues last night who confirmed Home Secretary Alan Johnson, who dismissed Prof Nutt by email, was facing the prospect of mass resignations.
1.6	The whole project has attracted criticism from left-wing lawmakers and erstwhile members of the East German Communist Party, who argue it is a waste of money.
1.8	Although the Chinese government has not taken action against Yuan or the publisher, a nongovernmental organization, the Chinese Assn. for the Promotion of Olympic Culture said last week it would file a civil lawsuit against Yuan's publisher, Beijing Fonghong Media Co., to prevent publication of any copies beyond the 200,000 in print in China.
1.4	Meanwhile, Bligh said Queensland has established a long-term and fruitful relationship with China and noted that this year marks the 20th anniversary of the establishment of the state's sister-city relations with China's Shanghai City.
1.0	Police have asked anyone who fears they may be related to one of the victims to come forward with DNA samples so that they can eventually help with identification.
0.0	Tate's Hail Mary haul was his second sensational score.
0.8	The Purchasing Managers' Index rose to a seasonally adjusted 55.2 in October from 54.3 in September, the Federation of Logistics and Purchasing said today in an e-mailed statement in Beijing.
0.4	There are five contested council seats with no incumbent this year - two at-large seats and geographical Districts A, F and G.
-0.6	Twice they were struck by bono waves, which upended their boat and swallowed their belongings.
0.0	"You wouldn't ask a baker what drives him to get up and bake his bread," she says.
0.4	Message in a battle: Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger's people are sticking to their story about that veto message for a bill sponsored by state Assemblyman Tom Ammiano, the one with a word puzzle that spelled out "F- you."
-1.0	Not sure she knows her way around an engine, but King - who most recently ran the bus system's PR division - sure knows the political byways of the East Bay.
1.4	When sectarian violence was at its peak, he said, people in Baghdad were not interested in his work, so he left for Dubai and the northern city of Erbil.
1.0	Concerns have been raised about a possible repetition of the ballot-box stuffing and distorted tallies in the second round.
-0.8	It came off like a generational anthem:
1.4	"It is important to have an honest and open debate about drugs," Vaz said.
-1.0	"We don't ever want to suspend the case prematurely, when there may be someone out there. ... But hope gets less every day. My hope today is not what it was yesterday."
0.6	She's an old-school TV kid drawn with new-school ambiguities.
1.0	For India, the widening Maoist insurgency is a moment of reckoning for the country's democracy and has ignited a sharp debate about where it has failed.
-1.2	It follows the program's poor returns this year.
0.0	"We need to be careful that when these split-ups occur, that the prime cuts are not offered to private investors and the scraps left to taxpayers," he said.
0.6	Olson said the State Department is taking a new look at the case.
1.6	South Korea's exports fell less than economists estimated in October, adding to signs that trade may start to rebound from the slump triggered by the global financial crisis.
1.0	For watchdogs of the bay's ecosystem and wildlife, the incident brought back memories of the disastrous 2007 Cosco Busan incident, which dumped nearly 60,000 gallons of bunker fuel, killing thousands of birds and fouling sensitive shorelines.
0.0	Miliband's departure for Europe would increase the chances of one of the prime minister's chosen candidates, Ed Balls or Ed Miliband, the foreign secretary's brother, winning a leadership contest if Labour is defeated at the general election.
1.2	Take the poverty-driven frustration of inner-city Richmond, a youth street culture that glorifies thugs and applauds degradation of women, and the desensitization of young men through violent video games, music and language, and you have a template for trouble.
1.8	A Downing Street staffer said: "This is being taken very seriously. Diplomatic channels in the Foreign Office are working behind the scenes on David's behalf."
1.8	"But because banks have expanded their profit margins by at least one per cent for mortgages and two per cent on business loans, the RBA will not want to raise the cash rate too high because what it really focuses on is what borrowers are paying. The 'new neutral' is probably now between 4 and 5 per cent."
1.2	Environment Commissioner Ebgebike says funding is critical and appeals for international help to deal with the situation.
0.8	Today's figure compares with a record-low 38.8 in November last year, when recessions in the U.S., Europe and Japan sent export orders plunging.
1.0	Corben is part of the Eastern Suburbs social set and works in the finance sector.
1.2	"It would be difficult to detain another person while removing their clothes and one's own clothing," Mr Cavanagh said.
-0.2	The anti-naxal plan also includes Rs 7,300 crore package for unleashing developmental works in areas cleared off the Left-wing extremists.
-0.6	Forest children, they say, must grow up fast.
1.6	He had already hired people to compile archival research on cars and to take oral histories from important automotive figures.
2.2	Adipic acid is primarily used in the production of nylon 6-6 and for manufacturing polyurethane foam and polyester resins.
0.2	A group of popular football players and cheerleaders - notably the school's First Couple, Quinn (Dianna Agron) and Finn (Cory Monteith) - have joined the much-scorned glee club, and their friends and coaches (including Jane Lynch's fabulously demonic cheerleader leader) are tormenting them.
0.6	"We are not commenting until the UAW announces the final results," said Marcey Evans, a Ford spokeswoman.
1.2	From the first moments he arrived in Washington on the day after his Sept. 24 appointment, Kirk has remained deferential to his former boss.
1.4	In other reports this week, the number of contracts to buy previously owned homes were little changed in September, the first time in eight months they didn't increase, according to the survey median.
0.2	Murray and Cantwell described him as an "asset to his community, friends and family," and like Hastings, asked that immigration authorities give Chaudhry full consideration in his request for citizenship.
0.6	On Friday, Mr. Yushchenko criticized Ms. Tymoshenko, saying he had ordered an inquiry into why the country was not, in his opinion, prepared.
0.6	The seven aspirants for M.J. Khan's seat reflect that diversity.
1.4	Among them are 1,000 pages of the dossier of Sascha Anderson, an avant-garde artist who was in the service of the Stasi but always denied any deep involvement.
1.2	At the height of his career, Madoff was regarded as a financial genius, he even served as chairman of NASDAQ, reports CBS News correspondent Randall Pinkston.
0.6	Born between 1978 and the turn of this century, millennials are not worked up over the culture wars that have raged since the Reagan era.
-0.2	During the worst years, he said, it was difficult to buy plants, so the family used clippings to fill out the garden.
0.6	"I felt she did the best in talking about the issues," said Aguirre.
0.4	Ministers say they want a better deal for the consumer with an invigorated mortgage market and more competition.
0.8	Sonora, like much of Mexico, has been hit by a wave of killings tied to drug-trafficking gangs.
0.8	The Coast Guard identified its seven missing personnel as Lt. Cmdr. Che J. Barnes of Capay, California, aircraft commander; Lt. Adam W. Bryant of Crewe, Virginia, co-pilot; Chief Petty Officer John F. Seidman of Stockton, California, flight engineer; Petty Officer 2nd Class Carl P. Grigonis of Mayfield Heights, Ohio, navigator; Petty Officer 2nd Class Monica L. Beacham of Decaturville, Tennessee, radio operator; Petty Officer 2nd Class Jason S. Moletzsky of Norristown, Pennsylvania, air crew; Petty Officer 3rd Class Danny R. Kreder II of Elm Mott, Texas, drop master.
0.0	Johnson, teachers and students at least partially blame the attack on the lack of lighting, sturdy fencing or security cameras on the courtyard, which abuts a rough neighborhood on the northern end of the campus on 23rd Street.
-0.8	The governor insisted last summer he wanted the ban because party bosses shouldn't be slating candidates.
0.2	The draft amendment echoed Communist Party of China (CPC) Central Committee General Secretary Hu Jintao, who proposed in a report to the 17th CPC National Congress in October 2007 that rural and urban areas should have equal rights in election of lawmakers.
0.6	"What is being looked at seriously is whether we need further increases in spending next year," said a Labour source.
0.2	A large debris field has been located, and debris has been collected, he said.
1.0	"They were searching for a possible person in the water who was reported to have gotten in a dinghy and attempted to row to Catalina [Island]," Coast Guard Capt. Thomas Farris told reporters Friday.
-0.2	What ensued was 2 1/2 hours of beatings and raping, at times with a foreign object.
0.4	"One of the key qualifications is having clout in America. David has a very good relationship with Hillary Clinton [the US secretary of state] and is highly regarded in Washington, so he is very well placed."
0.8	A gain would be the fifth in the past six months.
0.4	But most of those relatives had died peacefully, perhaps in their sleep or in a loving embrace.
1.2	Lost in last week's furore was Nutt's comments about ketamine, which he suggested in evidence to the Commons home affairs select committee should be upgraded from a class C drug because of the harm it can do to users.
1.0	The White House endorses the extension, and lawmakers are expected to vote on the measure this week, according to Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid.
-0.8	"I have friends who go to school in Concord and say, 'Aren't you scared to go to Richmond High?' And I say, no - you can do very well academically here," said junior Vanessa Bejarano.
2.0	After police did not oppose bail, Mr Zdenkowski set it at $10,000 and imposed strict conditions on Corben's freedom.
1.6	CIT also said it reached an agreement with Goldman Sachs to keep a credit line open should the lender file for court protection.
0.8	In 1939, he received a doctorate in aviation and mathematics.
1.0	Li Xiaofeng was appointed chief procurator of the military procuratorate under the People's Liberation Army to replace Gao Laifu.
0.6	CBS News chief political consultant Marc Ambinder said Republicans will derive two lessons from the results of this race:
0.8	His response has been to edge into more public discussions, while remaining on the cautious course.
-0.2	Iraq's topiary gardens, he said, are just beginning.
0.4	The announcement comes after a Siena College poll found she was in third place with 20 percent of the vote in the heavily-Republican district, while Hoffman and Democratic nominee Bill Owens were too close to call, with 35 percent and 36 percent, respectively.
1.6	Arias and the OAS had laid the groundwork for a deal, but the main sticking point -- Zelaya's reinstatement -- seemed insurmountable as the de facto government consistently balked.
0.6	Early indications were that the injured had spinal injuries, broken legs, ankles, a possible dislocated shoulder, trauma and cuts.
1.2	It said a guard was giving the suspect water when he grabbed the guard's personal weapon, shot and wounded the guard and then shot the investigator, the statement said.
1.4	Cook, a retired parole officer, has joined forces with candidates in two other races to form a "Progressive Coalition" for City Council.
1.2	His comments came in an address to foreign journalists in Tokyo.
-0.2	NINETEEN partygoers were taken to hospital with serious injuries after a balcony collapsed at a Halloween party in Perth last night.
1.0	The book's publication has stung many Chinese sports fans, one of whom wrote plaintively on a sports Internet bulletin board: "Even if some of the things he said were true, did he have to reveal them?"
1.0	While CIT said it's still counting the more than 150,000 ballots, bond and credit-default swap prices show that investors are betting the lender will file for court protection.
1.0	In addition, about 100,000 people annually apply to see their own files.
1.8	A search was also continuing Saturday for the missing boater, David Jines, Castillo said.
-1.8	Catch our blog at www.sfgate.com/matierandross.
1.2	His body was discovered last Tuesday at about 8pm.
2.2	However, neither electoral nor the constitution specifically address the issue of a candidate who does not formally withdraw but urges supporters to boycott the polls.
0.8	Kirk "has fit in, seamlessly and superbly," Kerry said.
0.4	Senate Democrats want to extend the credit through April and expand it to allow higher-income Americans and some who already own homes to qualify for the incentive.
0.0	The other candidates, he said, seemed to pander at times.
-0.2	But the Middle East is a growing market so it would make sense for them to try it.
0.0	"They were just stronger. They had more people."
-1.0	"I will not say anything that could [put] any of my British colleagues in a difficult position," he said.
1.0	Li spoke during a meeting with Anna Bligh, the premier of Australia's state of Queensland.
0.0	The latest data adds fuel to the reports that the over-stretched well-heeled middle classes are turning to the stimulant to "power them up" over hectic weekends.
-1.2	"But will it pick back up to above normal activity? No one can say."
0.4	The accords were disclosed the day after a deadline passed for CIT to solicit votes in support of either a $30 billion out- of-court debt exchange or a prepackaged bankruptcy.
-1.4	"When you don't share it, you're kind of really abusing the reason it was given to you."
1.8	Downing Street is discreetly supporting the foreign secretary as a candidate for EU high representative for foreign affairs, with Tony Blair looking increasingly unlikely to win the presidency.
0.8	Kirk has given few speeches, limited his press releases to a few nuts-and-bolts issues, and shunned almost all requests for interviews.
1.4	The White House said on Friday the stimulus had directly saved or created more than 640,000 jobs so far, based on data about who had received loans or grants through the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act.
0.2	Vaz said: "As the country's top adviser on the issue, he is implying to many young people that cannabis is not particularly dangerous."
1.4	In June this year, the ministry started to levy a security deposit, as a temporary anti-dumping measure, on adipic acid imported from the three countries.
-0.2	The new rules were signed Friday by the director of the Department of General Administration.
0.2	The government now supplies water once every 45 days in some urban areas, and in much of the country there is no public water supply at all.
0.6	They were detained for questioning and it was not clear if they were suspected of collusion or negligence.
1.4	"This is the first time that somebody in the high ranks told the inside story of the Chinese sports world," said Xu Jicheng, a prominent basketball commentator who was deputy director of media operations for Beijing Olympics organizing committee.
1.0	Houston has seen impressive car collections before, including those of shopping center developer Jerry Moore, auto dealer Sterling McCall and former Shell Oil CEO John Bookout.
1.2	Anti-collision lights on Sea Kings had been replaced with strobe lights that "blinded the pilots at low level, over water or in mist - so they switched them off".
0.8	Bradford's resume could help him with voters concerned about crime, but he is vulnerable because problems with the city's crime lab emerged under his watch.
1.6	"It's mathematically impossible at this point for this to pass," said Gary Walkowicz, a member of the UAW bargaining committee at a Dearborn, Michigan, truck plant that rejected the deal on Oct. 30 with a 93 percent no vote.
1.4	ValueAct said it requires all employees to participate in rigorous training on how to handle non-public information and immediately told investors about the probe into Yee in 2008 and then wrote to them on Friday to detail the charges against him.
0.4	"A lot of people are getting money from the government," he said, "so it's not just embassies buying. Now regular people buy as well."
1.6	Clausen was replaced by sophomore Dayne Crist, who went 2 of 6 for 69 yards and had a 64-yard touchdown to John Goodman.
1.8	Mr Lodin denies allegations that he favoured Mr Karzai.
1.4	Using a computer at the salon, Moreno and her niece found Bianca, including her Aug. 19, 1993, birth date and full name, listed on a 1999 Mexican government population registry there.
2.0	Yuan drops other tidbits from the backroom discussions of China's Olympics bid, including how the nation sought to deflect criticism of its human rights record.
1.4	Atkins said part of the lesson is for investors to be more skeptical.
1.4	But Mustafa Barghouti, a member of the Palestinian parliament, said: 'If I am honest, I would say his mission was a failure.'
0.8	He said he is honored to find himself a member of Washington's exclusive club of 100, after working for decades in support roles as a Kennedy aide and top Democratic Party official.
1.8	Once considered Robin Hood figures, the Maoists claim to represent the dispossessed of Indian society, particularly the indigenous tribal groups, who suffer some of the country's highest rates of poverty, illiteracy and infant mortality.
1.4	The CJI said: "We are in the process of finding the truth behind the allegations by an inquiry through independent channels keeping in mind the collector's report and Justice Dinakaran's version."
1.2	The retired Fulbright & Jaworski lawyer with a focus on utility and municipal law has raised almost $300,000.
1.4	Jeff Downing, a lawyer from Oak Forest, wants a third HPD storefront, preferably along Antoine.
-0.2	"The home secretary's decision to force the resignation of the chair of an independent advisory body is an extremely serious and concerning development and raises serious questions about the means by which drug policy is informed and kept under review," said Harry Shapiro, information director at DrugScope, the independent body that tracks the price of street drugs.
0.6	Trained in Britain as a bio-chemist, Mr Hampton worked in a bio-lab before moving into construction.
1.4	Residents say the 50-year-old problem has grown worse because the authorities failed to make repairs when their attention was drawn to it at the onset.
-1.0	The other three men served alongside Arreola in Iraq.
1.2	In the final, frantic days before Tuesday's election, City Council hopefuls are knocking on doors, pounding the pavement and floating their favorite phrases.
0.0	"I would expect the globe to pick up, because I don't think it can go any lower than it's been during the last year," he said.
1.4	He has authored 80 books mainly commentaries on religious texts - eighth among the lot on Upnishads.
-0.4	The government's vaccination programme, which began last month, is targeting 11m priority patients and frontline health workers.
0.6	"To go to the depths that you'd have to, to screen everybody to be able to pick out those things, is not very practical and easy to do," Adams said.
-1.4	"We've all been to prison, and we know the code of how you're supposed to behave.
1.6	Dr Polly Taylor, a freelance consultant in veterinary anaesthesia, said: 'I'm aware of what has happened and I fully support David Nutt. I've still not come to a decision on what is the best course of action. I imagine we will take group action.'
-0.4	Sowell had become the subject of a major manhunt after the gruesome discovery of half a dozen corpses at his house in a poor neighbourhood that has struggled with crime and drug problems.
1.6	There was more criticism of the No10 Press machine when the Prime Minister dithered over revealing his favourite biscuit in an interview on the Mumsnet website - even though the question had been expected.
0.6	But, in an editorial published by Mr Castro in all state media, he suggests more US visitors mean more swine flu.
2.2	But observers say it was prompted by Prime Minister Morgan Tsvangirai's partial withdrawal from the government earlier this month citing President Robert Mugabe's ZANU-PF party's failure to comply with the GPA.
0.8	He then worked on nuclear test-ban projects before joining the UN in 1998, said the CTBTO.
1.0	Police were checking crime reports to find matches for similarities to the 1989 rape or the most recent allegation against Sowell.
-1.0	Sure, this year's Atlantic hurricane season has been slow with eight named storms, just two hurricanes and about $100,000 in damages to U.S. property.
0.4	The Observer can reveal that the peer, who pumps millions of pounds into marginal seats but refuses to say whether he pays tax in Britain, is flying William Hague around the world and went with him on his recent trip to the US, during which Hague met Hillary Clinton, the US secretary of state, and other key US figures.
-1.2	The third-quarter surge came after the Celtics' second unit had dug the hole for the Bulls in the second quarter.
1.2	Bradford said he can focus intently on better policing and save money in the Police Department.
2.2	Detectives with a search warrant found two bodies Thursday on the third floor of a duplex and began checking a fresh grave dug in the basement.
1.8	Few could feel the urgency as much as 14-year-old Rhonnie Schwartz, a Richmond High freshman.
1.8	Maoists accuse the government of trying to push tribal groups off their land to gain access to raw materials and have sabotaged roads, bridges and even an energy pipeline.
0.6	"Paul, I know, wishes he was here. But in his absence, Paul Kirk is about as close to a great replacement as you can get."
0.8	The town lies in a zone of central Somalia loosely controlled by a clan-based local government.
1.0	He said the United States is working with others in support of the early convening of a U.N. commission of inquiry on the September 28 attack, and backing African mediation led by Burkina Faso President Blasé Compaore aimed at moving Guinea to civilian rule through elections.
0.0	Washington and most of the hemisphere's capitals had warned the de facto government that they would not recognize the results of the upcoming elections if the crisis continued to fester.
2.2	Clinton's spokesman denied a suggestion that she had specifically asked Abbas to accept Netanyahu's offer to limit settlement building to 3,000 new units in return for a resumption of talks.
0.6	He "seems to have support across a number of constituencies. And I like his views on city planning," Yeoman said.
1.0	"I told them at the start of the year that we're not going to look at a whole lot of stats, but that turnover margin is a stat we're always going to pay close attention to because it does translate into wins."
-0.2	No race or gender was determined for the others.
-0.4	The brother of Rachel Chandler, Stephen Collett, told the Observer the Foreign Office was doing an "excellent" job.
0.6	It's not an easy message to get out in a city where 18 percent of families live below poverty level and the always-struggling school district became in 1991 the first in the state to declare bankruptcy.
-0.4	"The Maoists are an ugly manifestation of this. This is a serious problem that is not going to disappear."
0.2	The Prime Minister phoned the journalist, pleading with him to take the job and help Labour win the Election.
1.6	However, US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said a runoff with only one candidate would not necessarily threaten the legitimacy of the process.
-0.4	"Hopefully, we will get a break at some point, and somebody will do the right thing."
0.2	It took several hours Friday to deploy booms around the tanker.
1.4	She also started doing more food shopping here since the store increased its selection.
1.4	Authorities in Chattisgarh then deputized and armed civilian posses, which have been accused by human rights groups of terrorizing innocent villagers and committing atrocities of their own in the name of hunting Maoists.
1.2	Environmentalists warn once it takes hold, it becomes a losing battle to reverse landslides and degradation.
0.8	Mr. Khalidy has worked for American agencies, and he said that as a result he had received death threats and that three cars had been destroyed at his home.
1.4	These waters are full of crocodiles and poisonous snakes.
-0.6	"When I was attacked, they took away the biggest thing that I enjoyed," Arreola recalled, "which was my legs."
1.4	"Delaware is no more secret than any other U.S. state," he said, noting that Delaware's attraction to business is its flexible laws and expert courts.
0.6	"If it was Rose, he was really up. [Now] he's just been up. And he's been that through practices . . . He's just playing now. He's not, 'Oh, tonight we have Rose.' It doesn't matter the opponent. He's just playing his game and doing it, being very solid."
0.6	The legislation, aiming to enhance diplomatic personnel management, is the first of its kind to regulate Chinese government agents working in the 171 countries with which China has diplomatic ties.
0.8	Those conflicts, including a widening armed rebellion in the north and a violent separatist movement in the south, in turn make it more difficult to address the water crisis in an organized way.
0.8	He is expected to sign this month.
1.6	Defense Secretary Gilbert Teodoro expressed fear that floods and traffic congestion may trap visitors at graveyards, where people traditionally spend a day or even a night, but few heeded his call to scrap this year's commemorations.
1.0	It awaits the signature of Vaclav Klaus, president of the Czech Republic, the only country yet to ratify it.
1.0	Hughes had a career game starting in place of Armando Allen Jr., who has been bothered by a right ankle he sprained a month ago.
1.0	"Sadly there is less stigma now associated with drug-taking," Mr Keen said.
-0.6	They can be human.
-0.2	Effendi laughed as he recalled having to tell his teacher that he lost his homework in the river.
1.4	However, the president did not address growing speculation that his son, Gamal, is being groomed to succeed him.
0.6	Jines, 50, was reported missing by a friend and was last seen in a 12-foot motorized skiff.
0.0	Montes, his wife and two children were traveling in a small convoy with at least 11 other relatives and staff members to a rural hacienda Friday afternoon when they were ambushed by several assailants armed with large-caliber weapons, investigators said.
0.4	Only months after a surgery in 2007, a businessman invited him to slog through a 5-kilometer race in the western suburbs.
1.0	The ministry said its investigation department had ruled that the three economies had dumped adipic acid on the Chinese market and had caused substantial damage to the domestic industry.
2.0	A man and his son who were in a car on a bridge that collapsed in nearby Batangas province were also missing, said regional disaster officer Fred Bragas.
1.4	At the session, lawmakers also ratified a bilateral treaty on civil and commercial judicial assistance with Brazil.
-1.8	What scares him: "I'm really only scared of heights."
1.2	Another senior source suggested that the talks between Mr Blair and Tesco had been going on for five months.
2.0	Climate change is deepening the problem, making seasonal rains less reliable and driving up average temperatures in some areas, said Jochen Renger, a water resources specialist with the German government's technical assistance arm, who has been advising the water ministry for five years.
1.4	The world's largest economy grew at a 3.5 percent annual pace from July through September, the first quarterly expansion in more than a year, according to Commerce Department figures released last week.
1.2	Hague's visit to Washington last month was described in one Tory-supporting newspaper as the most comprehensive US visit by a shadow foreign secretary since Labour came to power in 1997.
0.0	"It gets you down. You just want to go crawl in a hole sometimes. It's constant and people who haven't gone through this type of problem can't comprehend what it's like."
-0.4	It called for a six-year ban on strikes over wages and benefits.
0.2	Of the 57 games in which those Celtics held a halftime lead, they won 49 of them.
0.8	Scozzafava had also received an endorsement from the National Rifle Association.
0.8	"When you're struggling on offense, you're looking for a spark from someone and our defense has been able to give us that spark," Eagles coach Beau Baldwin said.
-0.8	If they had a team down at the half, that team died a slow death in the second half.
0.8	Kirk acknowledged that he has been urged by some colleagues to take a higher profile.
0.2	Only now have the first signs of her fate surfaced, reinvigorating a search her mother never abandoned.
2.2	The visit to Harare by the SADC troika on Security, Defense and Politics was ostensibly to access the progress of the implementation of the Global Political Agreement or GPA, the deal that brought about Zimbabwe's national unity government.
1.8	However, the proposals have caused alarm among Treasury officials who fear any increased spending could upset the financial markets, making it harder to service the growing national debt.
0.6	His team responded by shooting 58 percent from the floor (43 of 74) and 50 percent (12 of 24) from 3-point range.
1.8	Democrats and Republicans agree the economy will be the top issue for the 2010 congressional elections, although the White House has disputed suggestions that they will be a judgment on Obama and his policies.
1.8	Nathan Ballard, Newsom's spokesman, said the mayor - who has been campaigning around the state and country for months - feels he has unfinished business at City Hall.
0.2	One reason may be that the mayor's race primarily is a battle among three Democrats, so Republican voters are less engaged.
0.6	A WELL-KNOWN fashion identity was allegedly raped in the unisex toilets of Sydney's trendy nightspot The Ivy during an A-list party.
2.0	An output index rose to 59.3 in October from 58 in September and a measure of new orders climbed to 58.5 from 56.8.
0.8	As of Saturday, autopsies had been performed on all six bodies but no cause of death or names were announced.
0.0	Hebert called police, lawyers and detectives, she recalled, and to this day is on a first-name basis with them.
1.2	He decided to run the five kilometers for five fellow Marines whose lives either had intersected with his, or whose sacrifice he learned about later.
1.4	Massachusetts began its landmark quest to cover all of its residents three years ago, and it has been seen as a laboratory of ideas for health efforts across the country.
0.8	Inventories at wholesalers in September probably dropped at a slower pace, a Commerce Department report on Nov. 6 is expected to show.
0.2	Nobel Prize- winning economist Joseph Stiglitz said yesterday that emerging economies including China need to guard against "bubbles" caused by the surge in liquidity as governments around the world try to stimulate growth.
0.4	"The rapid reshuffling of the hosts and so forth indicate it's perhaps a show on its last legs."
1.0	Almaleki was angry with his daughter "as she had become too 'Westernized' and was not living according to [the family's] traditional Iraq[i] values," Peoria police said in a statement last week.
0.8	While her progenitor on the original "Melrose Place," Heather Locklear's Amanda, was firmly heterosexual, Ella wants to take both male and female lovers.
1.0	"As awful as this attack was," Leonhardy said, "just maybe it can represent a teachable moment. If people pay attention."
0.4	"Instead of being sad or throwing back drinks at a bar for them, it's a way to remember them, to keep them alive," said Arreola, 33, who still works for the Marines.
0.6	John O'Quinn knew the law, a simple fact never in doubt.
-0.4	Of prime concern is that much of Mr Blair's earning potential is being realised in the Middle East.
-0.2	"The prime minister will be able to present his government's proposal about what they are doing regarding settlements, which I think when fully explained will be seen as being not only unprecedented but in response to many of the concerns that have been expressed."
1.2	CIT spokesman Curt Ritter declined to comment yesterday.
1.8	Further complicating the picture, the current Massachusetts waiver expires in 2011, two years before much of the new federal law would take effect, so it would have to be renegotiated during an awkward interim period.
-0.2	Nichols broke Meyer's record for career passing yards earlier this season.
0.0	The muddy floodwater receded as rains eased, but was still chest-high in some communities.
0.8	"Anyone who's staggering, that's usually the first thing you'll see, a little wobbly when they're running or walking," said Capt. Bruce Adams, a doctor with the Navy.
0.4	His most lucrative contract to date is to advise the American bank JP Morgan for a salary of £2million a year.
0.0	Their hope is to tell people in the Bay Area and everyone else who has seen national coverage of the case that the attack does not define Richmond High.
1.6	"For a lot of people in politics, if they aren't in public office they don't think they're anything," Burton said.
0.4	The House bill would send Massachusetts roughly $460 million in Medicaid money in each of the first two years and $380 million a year thereafter for Massachusetts, plus an additional one-time payment of $350 million to $650 million, according to the office of US Representative Edward J. Markey, Democrat of Malden, which said it obtained the figures from state Medicaid officials.
0.8	The civil servant was moved to speak out in the wake of last week's damning report which exposed the lax safety culture that led to an RAF Nimrod exploding over Afghanistan in 2006, killing 14 servicemen.
1.0	Chief Petty Officer John Seidman last visited his family in February after returning from a posting in Hawaii, and they talked on the phone often.
2.2	Rear Adm. Joseph Castillo said at a late afternoon news conference that there was still a chance of survivors among the seven military personnel aboard the Coast Guard C-130 and the two in the Marine Corps AH-1W Super Cobra helicopter despite water temps in the low 60s because all had access to heat-retaining drysuits and were in excellent physical shape.
1.2	"I don't think the public will be any happier about it on the outside than they would be on the inside. I encourage the state to avoid the entire debacle."
0.2	Sancharaki said Abdullah will announce his decision Sunday morning.
0.2	"He walks around and picks up scrap metal and takes it to junkyards to make a few pennies."
-0.4	"I plan to thank God for giving me another day with my legs."
0.4	In a military medical facility, a doctor braced him for the worst.
1.2	Mr Kohl, who has used a wheelchair since fracturing his hip last year, added: "There has never been a relationship that reached the level of my relations with these two gentlemen."
-0.2	They have pronounced guilty without ever going through the book, he charged.
1.4	"I can assure we acted as quickly as possible as soon as we were notified," said Barry McFarland, incident commander with O'Brien's Group, the firm managing the cleanup on behalf of the Dubai Star.
0.8	Taking a tough stance, home minister P Chidambaram has warned Pakistan against meddling in India's affairs and said any more terror attack from that country will be retaliated "very strongly".
1.0	The IAEA, an independent and separate organisation, inspects nuclear plants worldwide and is based in the building next to the CTBTO in Vienna.
1.4	The Treasury says Chancellor Alistair Darling has not made a final decision on which parts of which banks are to be sold off.
1.0	Burma is still holding hundreds of political prisoners.
1.6	For the first time in almost two months, the Fighting Irish could relax in the fourth quarter.
1.2	Mr. Ramesh fretted that India's growth would be stunted if the country could not exploit its own natural resources.
0.8	On his dismissal, he said: 'I'm disappointed at what's happened. We as an advisory council are not there to serve a political agenda. Drugs classification is designed to be a scientifically based scale of harm. If politicians don't like the system, they should change the law.'
-0.2	"Put it this way, I used to think, why do they keep regurgitating all the stuff about the Hitler regime that happened over 60 years ago," she says.
1.4	"The arrival of Mr. Shannon was key," he said.
0.8	The search gained momentum earlier this year with the help of newly elected U.S. Rep. Pete Olson.
0.8	The Treasury is known to want these new banking networks to have proper branches, meaning a revival of store-front names many had thought they would never see again.
1.8	Mr Mubarak said the NDP's powerful policy secretariat, headed by his son Gamal, had an ambitious programme of reforms.
1.8	A senior adviser said that in talks on Friday, Mr Abdullah's team decided he should not take part in the poll.
1.6	But historians say it is important to establish the truth about the Communist era, and the work of the puzzlers has unmasked prominent figures in the former East Germany as Stasi agents.
0.0	"Either we are sitting here, or we are on patrol. There is nothing else."
0.0	The Marine helicopter was flying in formation with another Cobra escort helicopter and two large troops transports en route to San Clemente Island, 50 miles off the coast, for a nighttime training exercise.
1.0	"The root of this is dispossession and deprivation," said Ramachandra Guha, a prominent historian based in Bangalore.
1.2	Clinton praised Israel's efforts and said she expected its proposals for talks would address past criticism:
2.0	"It's bewildering to see the same administration that sold its trillion-dollar spending plan this spring as a guarantee against 8 percent unemployment -- today it's nearly 10 percent -- claiming it created 1 million jobs, especially since it is a sad fact 3 million jobs have been lost since the stimulus was signed into law," Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell said in a statement.
1.0	Weeks later, when the vehicles O'Quinn had purchased finally made it to Houston, legal work came to a temporary halt.
1.0	"When we dump garbage in the drains that are built by government we simply aggravate the problem of erosion. And this waste combined with the force of the flood and trying to erode the soil and sometimes they actually block the channel that has been created for flood dispersion and the floods come back and actually destroy their homes, and at that point they call on government."
1.0	The final race, basically a formality, is for a House seat from the 15th District, which includes Sunnyside and Goldendale.
0.6	The choice was not an easy one for Robert McClain.
0.0	That experience, he said, helped them "get accepted right away. You're with a bunch of people - very smart, very knowledgeable people who have good senses of humor and are good to be around."
-1.4	The story was that it was just a "weird coincidence."
1.6	"As we near the completion of our review of detainees at Guantanamo Bay, we will continue to work closely with the Department of State to implement transfer decisions, and we are grateful to the Republic of Palau for its assistance in the resettlement of these individuals," Matthew Olsen, head of the Guantanamo Review Task Force, said in a statement.
-0.6	He said they had done so by censoring anyone who questioned them.
0.8	His platform contains plans to fund drainage projects.
1.2	"While other retailers struggle, their business model enables them to take advantage and build market share," said Madison Riley, a retail analyst with Kurt Salmon Associates, a consultancy in Boston.
1.0	Amy Peck, 24, works for state Sen. Dan Patrick and gained prominence during the battle over revisions to the city's floodway ordinance.
1.6	Exports, which make up more than half of the economy, may start to rebound in November, the government said last month.
1.4	These were put up for sale earlier this year but the proposed deal required RBS to provide the finance to the buyer, which was rejected by the bank.
0.4	The woman said yesterday: "I don't want to comment ... it's not appropriate to talk right now."
1.0	District F, in southwest Houston, may be the most diverse district.
1.4	But legislative leaders get a pass, a point that Republicans pounded on relentlessly as they lined up in opposition to the plan.
1.6	Emanuel continues to believe that oceans in a warming world will produce stronger storms, because the trend over the last 30 years in the Western North Pacific and Atlantic basins is upward.
1.2	A suspect in a massive double bomb attack in Baghdad grabbed a guard's weapon and shot an investigator, before being shot himself, the Interior Ministry said Saturday.
0.8	Here in the state of Chattisgarh, Maoists dominate thousands of square miles of territory and have pushed into neighboring states of Orissa, Bihar, Jharkhand and Maharashtra, part of a so-called Red Corridor stretching across central and eastern India.
-0.8	But those warnings didn't keep everyone away.
1.8	Fitzgerald was sent to the Guinean capital days after what he described as the "massacre" of opposition demonstrators to express U.S. outrage over the killings and reported sexual assaults by troops, and to demand that Captain Camara adhere to a pledge made early this year to step down in favor of an elected government.
1.4	However, later that afternoon, at a news conference dealing with the spill, Newsom gave a hint of what was to come when asked whether he was going to be in San Francisco for the weekend.
0.0	One is said to have already resigned.
-0.2	Saul Eslake, economist with the Grattan Institute, is not convinced that rates will rise in December, but agrees that rates are heading up towards 4.5 per cent by the middle of next year - meaning a mortgage rate of 7.3 per cent.
0.0	"We just heard this real roar, I thought we were about to lose half our roof," she said.
1.2	He said the draft amendment to the Electoral Law would be submitted to a bimonthly session in December and a NPC plenary session in March next year for a second and third reading.
-0.2	No bodies have been found in the debris field, and the mission is still considered search and rescue, not search and recovery, Coast Guard Petty Officer 2nd Class Jetta Disco said Saturday morning.
0.2	Most economists seem convinced a 0.25 per cent hike on Tuesday is a given, but they are split on when another rise will be.
1.0	The firm, which made national headlines when its co-founder Jeffrey Ubben became the chairman of Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia Inc, put Yee on administrative leave in April 2008.
0.6	The slightly older Ella (Katie Cassidy) on "Melrose Place" also insists on a degree of murk regarding her sexuality.
2.4	It is a crisis that threatens the very survival of this arid, overpopulated country, and one that could prove deadlier than the better known resurgence of Al Qaeda here.
0.2	"There is no more bitter song than the nonrecognition of elections," she said, "and that was enough to really worry us."
0.8	Carol Yeoman said she based her vote for Brown, in part, on a speech he gave to her homeowners association near Meyerland.
1.2	He said it currently costs $350 for a gram of cocaine as opposed to ecstasy, which costs about $40 a tablet.
1.8	It is not known whether they flew in one of Ashcroft's two jets.
0.8	Last night, the University of Bristol professor of psychopharmacology revealed some of his children - he has two sons and two daughters, aged 18 to 26 - had taken 'soft drugs' before and that he was more concerned about drinking habits.
0.4	Police were checking missing-person reports back to June 2005, when Sowell was released from prison.
1.4	The sensitivity of the issue was underlined by the way Mr Blair responded when The Mail on Sunday contacted his office to discuss the matter at 2pm on Friday.
0.2	It also hired David North, the former Prime Minister's private secretary, as director of Government affairs and corporate social responsibility.
1.0	Ten's head programmer, David Mott, said Rove would not return at the start of the year but he would not comment on the reason or when the next season would screen, The Sunday Telegraph reports.
0.0	"I do more rowing. But sometimes the work is hard, especially when the current is strong."
1.4	Khalil Abbas has worked with plants since he was 7 years old, and his tree nursery could be a barometer of Iraq's changing fortunes.
1.6	Mr Abdullah has set for holding a relatively fair and free contest to be accepted, is sacking of the head of the country's Independent Election Commission (IEC), Azizullah Lodin.
2.2	A clouded electoral picture would further complicate the Obama administration's efforts to decide whether to send tens of thousands more troops to Afghanistan to battle the Taliban and its al-Qaida allies.
2.2	A diplomatic source said: "Lord Ashcroft was part of the official party that was organised by Her Majesty's Opposition. His inclusion in the party certainly raised a few eyebrows in Washington, because he's a controversial figure."
1.2	He had been working for the Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty Organisation (CTBTO) at the UN building.
-1.0	On a recent market day in the village of Palnar, women balancing urns of water on their heads and bare-footed, emaciated men came out of the forests to shop for vegetables, nuts or a rotting fruit fermented to produce local liquor.
1.4	Religious parties are banned, including the Muslim Brotherhood.
-0.4	The boys' father, a farmer too busy growing rice to shepherd them to school, offers his sons advice: Row hard and watch for danger.
2.0	"I told him quite frankly, I said Mr. President, that doesn't work. You are the head of the junta. You call yourself the commander in chief of the armed forces and yet you did nothing to stop it. You were unable to stop it. The responsibility rests with you. The buck stops with you, Mr. President, whether like it or not. You have explaining to do to the international community," he said.
-1.2	Some hope to break a record, but most just want to say they finished all 26.2 miles.
2.0	As a closely divided Senate pushes ahead on a sweeping health care overhaul, Kennedy's signature cause, and on other issues such as the economy and climate change, some party colleagues want him to make himself heard, Kirk said.
2.2	Documents show that amid the McCarthyism in the 1950s, allegations were made that he was a communist who stole confidential information about the U.S. government.
-0.8	"I don't know how someone can disappear off the face of the earth."
1.2	Laura Grant, a fifth-grade teacher, echoes her father's old campaign pitch: Rural voters need a moderate at the table with the Legislature's Democratic majority, to ensure those interests aren't represented solely by the minority party.
0.0	"Sometimes, I'm scared," said Megi, an 8-year-old friend of Alfan's who makes a similar trip to another village.
0.4	'The vast majority of Mr Blair's time is taken up by his unpaid activities, principally his role as Quartet Representative [for the United Nations, European Union, Russia and United States] in the Middle East, advocating on issues such as climate change and Africa and with the work of his faith and sports foundations.'
1.4	At that time sources familiar with regulators' insider trading probes said there would likely be more charges, but they did not give details about specific cases.
1.0	Charges against him are pending.
0.8	"The nature of the soil we have in the state, climatic conditions make Anambra one of the worst hit areas when it comes to erosion," he said.
1.4	"I believe that spiritual knowledge is given to us to share," said Lewis, co-founder of the Witch School.
1.6	In Luxembourg, non-resident deposits rose to $500 billion from $101 billion over the same period.
0.0	"We will match whatever they do," she said.
1.2	In his meetings, Shannon emphasized that with just one month to go before the election, this was the Hondurans' last chance, participants said.
0.8	"Mr. Yee denies the charges against him and intends to vigorously contest them," said Yee's lawyer, Michael Celio, a partner at Keker & Van Nest in San Francisco.
1.0	It quickly swept westward out to sea south of the capital and weakened into a tropical storm Saturday afternoon.
-0.6	Still, Emanuel said, there's far from a consensus in the field.
1.6	A month later his application for permanent residency was approved.
1.0	One of his prized pieces was a modest 1975 Ford Escort once owned by a Polish priest named Karol Wojtyla, better known by his papal name, John Paul II.
0.4	Teachers, who asked not be named because of district confidentiality rules, said Smith and the other two juvenile defendants charged as adults have had tough times academically.
0.4	There is no suggestion that Mr Blair was seeking to use Tesco to profit from his activities as a peace envoy in Israel or Palestine.
0.8	Under the terms of the two companies' original agreement, Goldman Sachs would have been due a $1 billion termination payment to close the credit line after a CIT bankruptcy.
0.8	He called on the government to put "more effort" into finding out whether there is a link to terrorism.
1.2	But in 2004, the movement radicalized, authorities say, when its two dominant wings merged with the more violent Communist Party of India (Maoist).
0.2	So far, $9 million has been allocated to the project by the German Parliament, but much more would be needed to install and maintain the E-Puzzler.
-0.2	The ministry started an anti-dumping investigation into adipic acid imports last November.
0.8	"This is our kingdom, our home," said Mohammed al-Khalidy, an electrical engineer, standing in his garden, where ficus trees carved like deconstructed snowmen flank the street.
2.0	Before visiting Israel, Clinton met with Abbas in the Gulf emirate of Abu Dhabi.
-0.4	He noted, however, that he's seeing encouraging signs.
0.4	His opponents deny the charge.
0.0	The 19 were carried out on stretchers and taken by 13 ambulances hospitals.
0.2	"The adivasis are the group least incorporated into India's political economy," said Ashutosh Varshney, an India specialist at Brown University, calling their plight one of the "unfinished quests of Indian democracy."
0.8	As security has improved, he said, people have been buying plants again, coming to the nursery in the Jadriya neighborhood not only from other parts of Baghdad but also from around the country.
0.4	"Cocaine is no longer reserved for millionaires and rock stars."
1.0	"They tell us it's because the water table is sinking so fast," said Muhammad Hamoud Amer, a worn-looking farmer who has lost two-thirds of his peach trees to drought in the past two years.
0.8	At a news conference this month in his hometown of Nanjing, Yuan told Chinese reporters he didn't want to cause controversy.
1.2	CIT is seeking to reduce debt by at least $5.7 billion after being locked out of credit markets it relies on for funding and posting nine quarters of losses totaling more than $5 billion.
1.0	For Mazen Hammad, who works for the Ministry of Health, his garden was a refuge from the violence.
1.8	Less than half of the dormant cancers will progress to become invasive but 30% are treated with mastectomies.
-0.2	"I'm getting over this initial short-term freshman stuff, but you're going to be a senior in a couple of weeks because you're graduating in a hurry."
-0.8	One day, villagers crowded around a large net that some fishermen had dragged out of the water.
1.0	The few files that have so far been pieced together hold piquant details about life in the GDR.
0.6	The group violently seized control of Gaza from Abbas' forces two years ago, leaving the Palestinians with rival governments.
1.2	The top contest pits freshman Rep. Laura Grant, D-Walla Walla, against GOP challenger Terry Nealey, a former Columbia County prosecutor.
1.4	George Ranney, co-chairman for the reform coalition CHANGE Illinois!, told lawmakers his group agreed to support the new proposal as a "building block" for future changes.
-0.6	It is fairly mild stuff by the standards of tell-all-memoirs: no sex, no shoe boxes stuffed with cash.
1.8	"A half-point hike can't be ruled out even if the odds are slim," says Shane Oliver, chief economist at AMP Capital.
1.6	The White House has been waiting for a new government in Kabul to announce a decision, but the war has intensified in the meantime.
1.0	There has been speculation that Johnson might be forced to change his request to Nutt to quit if a sufficient number of council members came out in his support.
2.0	In August, US Wal-Mart stores saw traffic increase 1.3 percent from a year ago while Target saw traffic decline 2.6 percent from the year before.
0.8	Shannon told reporters that he had emphasized that time was running out, and that the two sides had realized "there was no more space to dither."
1.2	"Once we were able to get the cooperation of the victim, we secured an arrest warrant for Mr. Sowell and subsequently a search warrant for his premises," Stacho said.
1.2	Together, they agreed on a series of changes that let them squeak out a bill on the last day of the legislature's fall session Friday.
-0.8	"Where we are right now is to try to get into negotiations."
2.0	After consulting with all three parties that make up the national unity government, delegation head Oldemiro Baloi, the Mozambican Foreign Minister, told the media.
1.2	And a senior State Department official says the United States may follow the African Union in imposing targeted financial sanctions against key officials in Conakry in an effort to help move the troubled African state toward free elections.
1.4	Correspondents say the trio clearly enjoyed each other's company at their first reunion in many years.
2.2	It was instituted in January 2005.
0.6	US President Barack Obama recently lifted restrictions on Cuban-Americans visiting relatives on the island.
0.8	But with its quietly revisionist approach to the early 1960s, "Mad Men" presents a far more complicated and unhappy kid whom we've seen drinking liquor, stealing money, and openly grieving the death of her beloved grandfather despite the emotional repression that surrounds her.
1.6	In Switzerland, such deposits rose to $1.45 trillion from $103 billion during the period.
-1.0	"I think that what we should do on the path to peace is to simply to get on it and get with it."
1.6	Mr. Mohammed said he never had trouble getting plants, because he lived near enough to Mr. Abbas's nursery.
0.6	Republicans, who favor tax cuts, say the stimulus has failed to halt rising joblessness and they also questioned the White House's figures on jobs saved or created.
0.6	The one and only issue in what will ultimately be a jury trial is the question of consent."
0.2	Hicks said she didn't think Sowell had a job but understood from conversations with him that he lived on a monthly check.
0.4	"It made everyone return to the negotiating table. It reopened the dialogue."
1.8	The Swedish EU presidency released a statement Thursday, denouncing the recent death penalty handed down to two Tibetans involved in the Lhasa riot and asking China to abolish the capital sentences.
-1.8	"This hurts the work of all of us."
-0.4	"What the prime minister has offered in specifics on restraints on a policy of settlements ... is unprecedented," she said.
0.8	After another crushing loss, Washington State coach Paul Wulff took away the almost bowl-like atmosphere as at least one positive.
1.6	Chaudhry's convictions as well as other allegations attacking his moral character are outlined in an 18-page document from Citizenship and Immigration Services denying him citizenship.
1.6	Elders in the coastal area said the pirates might have been worried that they were vulnerable to attack if they continued to keep the Chandlers aboard the hijacked freighter bobbing off Xarardheere.
1.2	"It wasn't so much the show, it was Rove the personality that endeared itself to the Australian public in light of his tragic circumstances, and that kept viewers' interest there for a while.
-0.2	Still, casting a vote to overhaul the nation's health care system - while seated at the vote of a legendary senator and dear friend - will bring emotions that are difficult to fathom.
0.8	A source close to the production said changes were being proposed to the Gold Logie-winner's show after Ten executives eyed the recent success of Channel Nine's Hey Hey It's Saturday specials.
1.6	CIT finances about 1 million businesses from Dunkin' Brands Inc. in Canton, Massachusetts, to Eddie Bauer Holdings Inc., the clothing chain in Bellevue, Washington, that's operating under bankruptcy protection.
0.2	Holding the seat is symbolically important to both parties.
0.2	"One [issue] is, are we allowed to exceed federal minimums; how much flexibility will we get?" said Anya Rader Wallack, the interim president of the Blue Cross Foundation and a Medicaid specialist.
1.0	Secretly, Alfan would like to row more, but he knows his place.
0.2	The writers keep the answers to that question in play, which is one of the show's best qualities.
-0.6	"There is no zero casualty doctrine," he said.
0.6	Bryant's mother, Nina Bryant, also of Crewe, said Saturday that all she had been told was that "they're searching and haven't found anyone yet, and they don't know whose fault it was."
0.2	"I didn't think the other candidates were as qualified," said Daryl Lott, an officer who voted in Clear Lake.
0.8	"However many documents I piece together, it'll never cease to amaze and shock me the extent to which friends, colleagues, even husbands and wives, went to betray each other. It shows you what a poison regime it was," she says.
1.0	"I've just found the sketch of his children's bedroom drawn on orders from the Stasi by his cleaning lady, who they code-named 'Frieda,' " says Metzler, who reads thrillers in her spare time to relax.
0.8	On a recent morning Mr. Abbas, 58, sat in an office that was surrounded by sicus palms, ficus trees, gardenias, fruit trees and other plants.
1.2	The current Belizean government has expressed outrage that two of Ashcroft's companies signed confidential deals with the previous administration that would allow the firms legally to reclaim millions of pounds in tax.
0.2	But Montes also had chalked up numerous enemies in tumultuous land disputes over more than two decades.
-0.2	"But this is our life here. Children must live it the way it is."
1.2	Ford, the only major U.S. automaker to avoid bankruptcy this year, sought concessions similar to those secured by General Motors Co. and Chrysler Group LLC.
1.6	Queensland, she said, stands ready to promote cooperation with China in such fields as trade, technology, education, science and research, culture and tourism.
-0.6	The department now features an entire wall display of Blu-ray DVDs, with about 100 titles, up from 30 movies earlier this year.
1.8	According to Red Teeth, the Chandlers were being driven to Baxdo, an inland town along an extremely dusty and bumpy road about halfway between the coast and the main highway running through central Somalia.
0.0	"But on every road you have to take a first step, and I've been coming before you for almost 10 years, and I'd really like to take a step."
1.4	In 1935, he went to study in the aviation department of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and later studied aviation engineering at the California Institute of Technology.
0.2	The Sacramento-based C-130 crew was looking for 50-year-old David Jines, who was reported missing after leaving Avalon Harbor on Santa Catalina Island man in a 12-foot motorized skiff to reach a friend in high winds Tuesday, authorities said.
1.4	"We see that happen in our own country where, for whatever combination of reasons, one of the candidates decides not to go forward," Clinton told reporters in Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates.
0.8	Some are pushing for an inclusive, moderate future, while the more conservative wing is willing to risk a Democratic win to send a message to Washington.
-0.2	The jury is still out on the Senate side.
1.8	All circles in Queensland support development of the Australia-China friendly and cooperative relationship, Bligh said.
0.6	"This is a political issue that's going to be resolved politically."
1.0	In 1947, 36-year-old Qian was already a professor at the Massachusetts Institute.
-0.4	Newsom has never been one to ask people for money.
0.6	Miller's office had yet to identify the victims, who all died of "homicidal violence," he said.
0.6	Schroedinger works 41-hour weeks and averages a sack a year restoring documents on the Stasi's surveillance of the army, media, railway and church.
1.2	Powell Caesar, a spokesman for the Cuyahoga County coroner's office, said additional remains were found and confirmed Saturday as three more bodies, for a total of six.
1.4	The matter has drawn attention because it comes only two weeks after prosecutors charged prominent hedge fund firm Galleon Group's founder Raj Rajaratnam with insider trading.
2.4	The woman, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was assaulted from 2.16am to 2.45am, a court was told yesterday.
-1.0	"We didn't change," he said.
0.4	"It never entered the SEC's mind that it was a Ponzi scheme," Madoff said, because of "the reputation I had."
1.2	Nearly 95,000 people who fled during those two earlier storms were still housed in temporary shelters when Mirinae struck, the national disaster agency said.
0.8	The duo have also accused the swami of deleting certain verses and arbitrarily substituting news words - a charge hotly denied by the seers disciples.
2.0	For the first time, the bank will announce its latest decision on rates on Melbourne Cup day at 2.30pm - half an hour before the race on which Australians bet more than $100 million each year, The Sunday Telegraph reports.
0.4	"I have to prepare you for this," the doctor told him.
1.2	Ministers are now debating the budget for the 12 months beginning in April 2010.
1.6	Lloyds is expected to 'divest' itself of TSB, Cheltenham & Gloucester and Intelligent Finance, the online arm of the Halifax, which it owns.
2.0	A board of inquiry blamed the crash on several factors and ordered removal of the strobe lights.
0.2	The issue of settlements has become the biggest sticking point in getting Israelis and Palestinians back to the negotiating table.
1.2	The EU president and high representative will not be appointed until the Lisbon treaty has been ratified.
1.2	The shredded files, which any good German bureaucrat knows as vorvernichtete Akten or pre-destroyed files -- fill a staggering 16,000 mail sacks that contain about 45 million individual pages, or 600 million scraps.
1.2	For its part, the Coast Guard and coordinating agencies said they responded with "surgical" precision, limiting the oil impact to about 6 miles of shoreline.
1.6	Mr Bush, now walking with the help of a cane, was full of praise for Mr Gorbachev, a Nobel Peace laureate who was in office between 1985-1991.
1.8	Publicly, the foreign secretary insists that he is "not available" for the post, the second most important role created by the Lisbon treaty, which is set to be ratified this month.
2.0	A man drowned after being swept away by strong currents as he tried to cross a creek in Rizal province's Pililla township while carrying his 1-year-old child, who remains missing.
0.0	Sources close to Mr Blair insisted the talks did not break down over the issue of money but would not explain why they failed.
-1.0	She said: 'In my opinion, it does not look like suicide. My example is that somebody took him up to the top floor and took him down.
2.2	"But now, our constituents' tax dollars will not only go to sustaining our own state programs, but will also go to states around the country that have consistently ignored the health care needs of their low-income residents, without any acknowledgement of our original investment. This is unacceptable."
-0.4	Likely purchasers are expected to come from the US, Australia or the Middle East.
-0.6	Yet, you don't have to have a medical check up to sign up.
1.4	Economies across Asia are "rebounding fast" from the global crisis, helped by fiscal support that the region's governments must maintain amid weak global export demand, the International Monetary Fund said on Oct. 29.
1.4	One day Jefferson had business to discuss and was told by O'Quinn to meet him at the warehouse, not the office.
0.2	"Then tell us that our view is wrong. Then we will apologize - no problem."
-0.2	The Dalai Lama came to Japan to take part in panel discussions with scientists but the exiled Tibetan leader did not shy away from the political spotlight.
0.8	Top legislator Wu Bangguo said the law clarified diplomats' duties and obligations as well as titles and ranks, which was "conducive to the implementation of the country's independent foreign policy."
0.4	He did not know the status of the airspace at the time.
1.6	In neighboring Abatete residents, including Efobi Okeke, are not giving up on their homes and community.
-0.8	She might not know her real name, realize she is American - or know that she has a mother who has searched for her since she disappeared while a toddler.
1.2	First-home buyers, lured by government stimulus but caught by rising rates, pay freezes and reduced working hours, are predicted to account for nearly half the default increase.
0.8	He's filed a complaint in U.S. District Court in Yakima seeking citizenship based on his military service and good conduct while living here.
1.8	It includes Alfred Molison, who is running as a write-in for the District C seat, and Deborah Shafto, a retired teacher running for the at-large 4 position being vacated by Green.
1.4	Now a doctor who undertook a second post-mortem examination on behalf of the family believes she has found evidence that Mr Hampton did not die by his own hands.
1.0	Seven more runners have died this fall in full or half marathons.
-1.4	"But I can't promise how long it will last."
0.4	Mirinae tracked the same route as Tropical Storm Ketsana, which in late September dumped the heaviest rains in 40 years in and around Manila.
0.0	She bristles slightly when asked how she keeps up such an apparently thankless task every day.
1.6	A No 10 spokesman said: "The position has not changed. We have announced our plans to support the economy going forward.
0.8	A source close to the family said life had not been easy for Mr Hampton, who was often away from his wife and son.
2.4	If such a bill passes, Massachusetts could be forced to choose between scaling back sharply to match the federal payment levels, jockeying for a special deal from the federal government, or dipping even more deeply into state taxpayer dollars to make up the gap.
1.2	Last night a former home secretary, Charles Clarke, called for a major review of drugs policy and urged ministers not to "isolate themselves" from science.
2.0	India's rapid economic growth has made it an emerging global power but also deepened stark inequalities in society.
-0.8	"They're effectively in control and there's not really a bankruptcy judge that has to approve everything," he said.
0.4	Under a year ago, an American died at the IAEA in strikingly similar circumstances, his body being found at the bottom of a stairwell.
0.0	And Mr Blair would not be lonely on the Tesco payroll.
0.2	"I gave the same message today when I met with President Abbas."
0.4	Insiders say that while Newsom is unlikely to run for another statewide office - a bid for lieutenant governor had been rumored for months - he shouldn't be considered a lame duck at City Hall.
1.8	Last month the joint committee on vaccination and immunisation discussed extending the programme to include under-18s, once the priority cases have been vaccinated.
1.0	On the eve of the conference, the NDP's secretary-general said that choosing a successor to the president was not on the agenda.
1.4	The decision is sure to be a blow to him as he had doggedly defended himself, contemptuously dismissing the Thiruvallur District Collector's report, which upheld the encroachment charge.
0.0	The river is what he knows.
1.8	But he cautioned in his weekly radio address to Americans that "we have a long way to go before we return to prosperity" and more job losses were likely in coming days.
0.4	"He's been just extraordinarily well received by colleagues."
2.2	"I think I'm the only one in the race - that has actually been in the public, has a record, has been successful in doing something about the issues we all talk about," said Litt, a rehabilitation and health care consultant.
0.4	I've always told them about the dangers of drugs, but teenagers are at greater risk from alcohol, because it is so cheap, readily available and accepted.
0.6	"Settlement is illegitimate and it is not possible to accept any justification for the continuation of settlement activity or to defend it on lands occupied in 1967, including Jerusalem."
-0.6	Then anti-vibration crossbeams are installed.
1.2	Under questioning, Fitzgerald expressed concern about continued Chinese investment in Guinea following the September 28 violence, saying the fact Beijing supports the military government and accepts it as legitimate is "very difficult."
2.0	Yuan Weimin was the toast of China's sporting scene from the early 1980s, when he coached the women's gold medal volleyball team, to 2001, when as head of the Chinese Olympic Committee, he helped bring home the biggest prize of all -- Beijing's selection as host city for the 2008 Summer Games.
1.8	A Canadian study showed marathoners' blood post-race was like that of a mild heart attack victim.
1.2	Quinn indicated he would sign this version.
1.2	This is expected to restore the independence of old names long buried in these vast institutions, including the TSB - formerly the Trustee Savings Bank - and the Cheltenham & Gloucester.
1.0	A spokeswoman for the foreign secretary insisted last night he was not a candidate for the Brussels job and was "working hard" for Blair.
0.8	Chuck is the Mr. Darcy in the sophisticated Manhattan world of "Gossip Girl," but he has a decidedly contemporary comfort level when it comes to sexual vagueness.
0.2	He said: 'Tim was rather introverted. He changed his life many times.'
0.8	Before Friday's killings, he had already lost a son and a brother to violence.
1.0	The raging battle of words however leaves him unfazed.
-0.4	Two autopsies were done Friday.
1.6	"Those in government who care about independent scientific advice - and there are many - now need to use this crisis as an opportunity to clarify the situation and provide assurances to scientists who are willing to share their expertise on contentious issues that they are free to speak their minds."
1.8	Abdullah complained Monday that there were no assurances that the November vote would be fairer than the first balloting and demanded that the head of the Karzai-appointed Independent Election Commission, Azizullah Lodin, be fired.
2.0	Even when the new bridge is finished, Fandi said, he isn't sure he wants to give up his daily row.
-0.2	Local people are caught in the middle.
0.6	"Iraq has suffered for a long time, so now I'm trying to give a smile back to Iraq with beautiful plants," he said.
0.6	Six Coast Guard cutters and three helicopters hunted for any survivors of the midair collision.
1.6	The Swiss-based International Olympic Committee also rejects Yuan's allegations.
1.0	At least seven people were killed and several were missing.
0.4	Teresa Hicks, 48, was among the neighbors who said they were relieved about the arrest but left with a heightened fear of crime.
0.0	Lozano is a fugitive from state and federal charges related to Bianca's disappearance.
-0.4	Peoria is about 13 miles northwest of Phoenix.
2.0	Recent reports have suggested that Lloyds would sell Cheltenham and Gloucester, Lloyds TSB Scotland and Intelligent Finance - an online division of Bank of Scotland.
1.6	A few weeks earlier, one of Lozano's family members mockingly held up an official-looking document in Spanish, Hebert said.
1.6	BJP President Rajnath Singh has said that there is a strong need in the country for amending the constitution to check large scale religious conversions allegedly being carried out by foreign forces through inducements.
1.8	David Blunkett downgrades cannabis to Class C on the recommendation of the independent Advisory Council on the Misuse of Drugs.
1.0	However, senior No 10 sources have revealed that Brown believes Miliband is ideally qualified for the job and is actively supporting his candidacy behind the scenes.
-0.8	Last year, Hubel threw for 623 yards and five touchdowns against Eastern Washington.
-0.8	"I thought it was an earthquake," he said.
0.0	Some cases are much worse.
1.0	The UN-backed Electoral Complaints Commission's (ECC) action meant Mr Karzai's total was reduced to below the 50% plus one vote threshold for outright victory, indicating a run-off poll was needed.
0.8	Around 25 lakh people live in areas where Maoists are now having a free run.
1.4	Crews have been working day and night trying to repair the eastern cantilevered span where a cracked eyebar was found about two months ago.
1.6	He said he simply intends to follow in Kennedy's footsteps, using his quiet skills to help bring health care reform to the nation.
-1.4	"Our kids come to this beach. It's our home."
-0.2	She said, "What the prime minister has offered, and in specifics on the restraint in the policy on settlements ... is unprecedented in the context of prior negotiations."
-1.8	The trip is quicker on water.
0.4	This in a district in which Democrats have an 18-point advantage over Republicans in registered voters.
-0.6	All it took for things to lurch out of control, investigators, students and community leaders say, was opportunity - and that came when the girl left the school dance Saturday night, walked by a group of bad boys boozing hard in the unlit courtyard, and accepted their invitation to hang out.
0.8	But as much as anything, the attack stems from the way the roughest young men treat women, Johnson and the others say.
1.0	For example, he wonders whether the officials who submitted the winning bid to host the 2008 Games had been sincere in their representations during the bidding process that China would improve its human rights situation.
1.2	In 2003, Madoff was sure he would be caught and was surprised when investigators did not check his accounts to see if he had actually traded stocks - which he had not.
1.0	The pre-budget report, expected early next month, is likely to retain the pledge made in the spring to halve the public spending deficit, currently £175 billion, by 2014.
0.4	Though he has tough shoes to fill, Dodd said, Kirk is up to the challenge.
0.0	While they lifted weights together, Cpl. Nathaniel Hammond of Oklahoma would try to sell Arreola on the joys of fishing and boating.
0.8	At the same time, the chain has reduced overall inventory by at least 6 percent to make the store less cluttered and address reduced consumer spending.
0.8	But Castillo said the search was ongoing.
0.2	For all the sensitivity training going on, this is still a rough city - and there is rough justice.
1.6	Last night the mother of Marc Lawrence, 26, one of the Royal Navy officers killed, accused the MoD of a "whitewash".
0.8	Since the Witch School set up shop in tiny Rossville two years ago, some of the Christian flocks in this former factory town have protested and prayed that the pagans would pick up and leave.
0.8	The meeting drove home the growing truth that even with his support from gays and greens, Newsom had not dialed the megadollars necessary to run a statewide campaign against the better-known Brown, who has turned into a virtual fundraising machine.
1.4	"The search effort has saturated an area totaling 644 square miles and includes surface and air assets from the Coast Guard, Navy, Marine Corps and Customs Border Protection Air/Marine Branch," the Coast Guard said Saturday in a statement.
0.2	The Uighurs, who come from China's largely Muslim far-west region of Xinjiang, were swept up by the U.S. government during the Afghanistan war launched after the September 11, 2001, attacks on the United States.
1.4	He said: 'Independent advisers should be free to give advice but they should not express it in such a highly public way on an issue of such sensitivity.
0.4	Many Chinese officials, he says, wanted to use overseas Chinese groups as proxies to counterattack, while Yuan thought the Olympic committee needed to tackle the issue directly.
0.2	Statistically, the risk of death is less than 1 percent for every 100,000 runners, reports CBS News correspondent Kimberly Dozier.
-1.2	The bridge's closure has meant record-breaking numbers of riders on BART and clogged freeways that lead to alternate bridges.
-0.8	The model assumes investors could recover 40 cents on the dollar in a bankruptcy proceeding.
0.6	"We have to find a solution to the crisis and that's the whole objective," he said.
0.4	With the Monday deadline for his contract extension looming, Rondo handed out 16 assists, and in the third quarter he had the helper on nine of the Celtics' 15 field goals.
1.8	Yu Jingyuan said Qian had very deep understanding of his own profession and also had a wide knowledge regarding many other fields.
2.0	Also in the race are Mills Worsham, who represents the area on the HCC board, and George Foulard, 22, an operations manager at a local energy company who raised a surprising $112,000 for his first race.
1.6	Lozano's sister, who lives in the Houston area, told the Houston Chronicle she wasn't going to discuss Bianca or her brother.
1.0	Officers initially identified three bodies at Sowell's home, Stacho said.
0.6	With water temperatures in the 60s, Farris estimated that survivability could be up to 20 hours.
0.0	"No modern state can accept attacks on state institutions, even when the state is wrong."
1.6	Efforts are under way to open peace negotiations, but as yet remain stalemated.
1.2	Ship owners who pay ransoms that are reimbursed by insurance groups are not obliged to file a suspicious activity report with the Serious and Organised Crime Agency.
0.8	The government's decision to dismiss Nutt came after he wrote a paper for the Centre for Crime and Justice Studies (CCJS) at King's College London that questioned the "artificial" separation of alcohol and tobacco from illegal drugs.
1.2	The UAW, which represents 41,000 Ford workers, is scheduled to announce a final vote tomorrow.
0.4	But it turned into an anti-government protest with Tibetans attacking Chinese migrants and shops.
2.2	Last Wednesday, Taliban attackers killed five U.N. employees - including one American - and three Afghans in a brazen assault on a residential hotel housing international staff in the heart of Kabul.
0.2	The girl was found, semiconscious, beneath a picnic table.
0.6	The trio also praised one another during the two-hour reunion.
1.0	China had demanded that the Uighurs be returned there but the U.S. government has said it could not do so because they would face persecution, and it has searched for months for a nation willing to accept them.
1.2	Last-minute contacts were under way late Saturday between representatives of Karzai and Abdullah to resolve the crisis, and the challenger's spokesman Fazel Sancharaki insisted no final decision on a withdrawal had been made.
0.2	She mentioned her missing Bianca and wondered aloud if she could be hidden in Monterrey with grandparents.
-0.6	"The prices are just good here. You can't beat them," Peterson said.
0.0	The eventual moratorium froze pending requests for a "flying spaghetti monster" display, a poem display sought by a Kansas church that slammed Santa Claus, a Jerry Seinfeld-inspired "Festivus" pole and others.
0.4	There's even a 12-year-old boy in Florida who put together an online video.
1.0	His widow, a weapons inspector for the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA), was working in Japan when her husband died.
1.0	It is the fifth shake-up of the Downing Street operation since Mr Brown became Prime Minister.
2.4	It is believed the discussions between the former Prime Minister, now a peace envoy to the region, and the supermarket chain, whose slogan is 'Every little helps', ended after the two sides failed to agree terms.
0.4	"That's what the Coast Guard and Fish and Game are looking at right now ... the timeliness," said Lt. Rob Roberts of the California Department of Fish and Game.
0.4	"He's been a model citizen. He was willing to die for his country in the service and this is how he's getting repaid?" Theriot-Orr said.
0.8	Job losses peaked at 741,000 in January, the biggest one-month plunge since 1949.
-0.2	The herring season - the bay's last commercial fishery - was canceled in September because of concerns about the health of the fish population.
1.4	"They wanted the Latin Americans to resolve it, and there was a deliberate sense that we wanted to be multilateral players," said Peter Hakim, president of the Inter-American Dialogue, a U.S. think tank.
1.2	He is chairman of the Sharpstown Tax Increment Reinvestment Zone and Redevelopment Authority.
1.4	A spokesman for Hague said: "We flew back with him [Ashcroft] from Washington and this will be declared in the normal way. Lord Ashcroft attended some of the meetings and he didn't attend the meeting with Hillary Clinton."
0.4	But speaking at the burial of a veteran of Zimbabwe's war of independence Saturday he said talks between the parties would continue.
-0.8	"Many are so small. The boats are unstable."
-0.6	Two at-large seats are wide open to newcomers: Ron Green, forced out by term limits, is running for controller; Peter Brown is leaving to run for mayor.
0.8	Along with Dodd, an old friend, Senator John F. Kerry of Massachusetts has taken Kirk under his wing, and the two meet often.
0.8	Minutes before the collision, the FAA told the C-130 pilot to begin communicating with military controllers at Naval Air Station North Island in San Diego Bay, but it was not known if the pilot did so, Gregor said.
1.2	Police said the 34-year-old woman was attacked after a man followed her into one of the toilet cubicles at Justin Hemmes' flagship bar and locked the door about 2am on Friday.
1.4	At the time of his death, he owned properties that included a thoroughbred horse ranch.
-0.2	Sir Terry's annual salary of £1.3million is only slightly more than the sum linked to the talks with Mr Blair.
-0.4	"I'd rather feel that pain than not be able to run," he said.
-1.0	The EU last week backed plans to split Northern Rock in two.
-0.8	This was not the first time the churchgoing sophomore had hung out with the wrong crowd, said one educator who asked not to be named for fear of offending school district sensitivities.
-0.6	Today, at least, there would be no lighting out for the territory.
1.2	Brenda Stardig, a real estate broker, is endorsed by Lawrence, the police union, and several builder groups.
1.2	Finally a search of the land around the house turned up yet another grave, containing a sixth body.
0.2	It's a longer, far more interesting story.
1.0	The police, already wary of using roads because of improvised explosive devices, marched their reinforcements 10 miles through the jungle, arriving too late at the scene.
0.4	The United States, led by the eastern seaboard state, took in $2.6 trillion in deposits from non-resident corporations and individuals in 2007, according to a survey of financial jurisdictions analyzed by the Tax Justice Network.
0.4	"Things will be different (on Rove) and, with the numbers attached to the recent Hey Hey outing, it's possible to see a more encompassing variety-type format when we come back," the source said.
-1.0	This time, the Irish had Washington State (1-7) buried by halftime.
1.0	In January, we reported that inspectors hired by Caltrans to monitor the fabrication in Shanghai of steel girders that will support the tower's roadway had found cracked welds.
-0.6	New unemployment numbers due out next Friday are expected to show U.S. employers cut 175,000 jobs in October, according to economists polled by Reuters.
1.8	The unemployment rate is forecast to rise to 9.9 percent for October.
0.6	The irony of the way O'Quinn died - a car wreck on a wet street near downtown - was lost on no one aware of the passion that had come to consume him, and surprised no one who had ever ridden with him as he drove at breakneck speeds around town.
-0.4	"But this is the reality resulting from the absurd and shameful blockade," he added.
1.6	Prime Minister Yulia V. Tymoshenko announced the measures on Friday in response to rising fears about swine flu, especially in western Ukraine.
-0.4	Officials were collecting evidence and reviewing recordings of transmissions by the aircraft to try to determine how the collision occurred.
0.6	McClain said he was convinced by Brown's argument that his ability to write a check for campaign expenses would keep him independent as mayor.
0.2	Recent encouraging news in the economy "shows that - when you act with force - you can stabilize a crisis like this," he said in the interview that will air Sunday.
1.2	In the meantime, Abatete and Idiani residents, like others across the southeast, are clinging to the last of their homes, even as erosion continues its unstoppable conquest across the region.
-0.2	Last weekend's gang rape at Richmond High School was almost bound to happen.
0.6	"Some of us know a few guys who were there, and we're out looking for them," Pelayo added, the others nodding.
0.0	THE government has been forced to rewrite its advice on breast cancer screening after research showed that thousands of women have been misled into having unnecessary surgery.
1.6	The pieces of the massive $2 billion tower, however, remain in a Chinese dry dock as bridge officials try to satisfy their questions over the quality of the welds.
0.6	They installed the nuts, checked the alignment, then removed them again to make further adjustments, Ney said.
-1.8	She studied medical records, he drafting.
1.8	Economic growth in China accelerated to 8.9 percent last quarter, fueled by government stimulus spending and more than $1 trillion of new bank lending.
1.8	Professor Yen used new forensic techniques to detect internal bruising caused by strangulation which would not be visible to the eye.
1.2	The State Department has open reports of 954 U.S. citizen children being taken into Mexico by a parent.
0.6	"Wal-Mart is being aggressive in these challenging economic times, as they should. Consumers' behavior has changed - they shop for value more now than ever before and Wal-Mart's position is perfectly suited to this new consumer demand."
1.2	In exchange, Goldman Sachs received $285 million in termination fees, CIT said yesterday in a filing with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.
1.8	Previous reform legislation put a $90,000-a-year cap on direct cash donations from political parties and legislative leaders, but reformers said loopholes would have rendered the limit meaningless.
0.8	The long-frustrated reform groups were motivated to take the best deal they could get in the wake of ex-Gov. Rod Blagojevich's Dec. 9 corruption arrest and subsequent impeachment.
1.4	But the influential Southern Metropolis Daily and several other major Chinese newspapers have applauded Yuan's candor.
0.4	As for the rest of the student body, she said: "We are all shocked at how horrible this was.
1.0	Under its "one China" policy, Beijing claims self-ruled Taiwan as its own and insists on eventual unification, by force if necessary.
0.6	Chaudhry - who claims he was coerced into pleading guilty to the crimes, for which he paid fines - says he didn't realize they were classified as convictions.
2.0	"I resent the fact that East German biographies are being dragged through the mud," said Egon Krenz, East Germany's last Communist leader, who spent 6 1/2 years in prison for his role in the regime.
-0.2	"My mistake was I should have gotten an independent audit of that laboratory once a year or at least twice a year. But you learn from those mistakes."
0.4	"Nato operations have destroyed a lot of equipment belonging to poor fishermen... they illegally transfer the fishermen to their own prisons and prisons of other [foreign] countries."
1.0	"They were mostly strangled, it appears," he said.
2.0	Under some versions of the federal legislation, Massachusetts could face pressure to reduce the subsidies it now provides to low- and middle-income residents who get insurance under the state system, a study commissioned by the Blue Cross Blue Shield of Massachusetts Foundation found.
0.6	Bridge woes: The latest epic snafu on the Bay Bridge comes just as Caltrans is gearing up for the most challenging part of the eastern span rebuild project - the assembly of the signature tower.
1.0	Little hoses spray the crops with water instead of wastefully soaking them.
0.0	Many expressed lukewarm preferences overall, calling their choice simply the "lesser evil" of the four.
0.6	The latest PMI number was higher than the median estimate of 54.7 in a Bloomberg News survey of 10 economists.
1.8	A few years ago, officials built a jungle road that will soon make the school boats obsolete, giving children the option of walking or riding motorcycles to school.
1.8	A spokesman for the Abdullah campaign, Fazel Sancharaki, said no decision had been made on a boycott and that the candidate would wait until the end of Saturday to see if his demands are met before making any announcement.
1.2	In the end, it took direct, explicit U.S. pressure to force the de facto government of Honduras to reverse the position it had stubbornly clung to for nearly four months and agree to a deal that could reinstate deposed President Manuel Zelaya.
0.6	In Jahiliya and other areas around the capital, the World Bank is leading a project to change wasteful irrigation patterns.
0.4	On their hourlong row, the boys negotiate a two-mile commute along a river teeming with giant barges, invisible logs and islands of floating water hyacinth to tangle their oars.
0.4	A neighbour said they were told more than a dozen people had been trapped underneath the balcony.
1.2	But Massachusetts already provides its low-income residents with more comprehensive insurance coverage for much lower prices than the federal bills would: Replicating the Massachusetts system nationwide would be too expensive.
-0.6	Tang was employed at private-equity firm Friedman Fleischer & Lowe.
0.0	He said he'd be surprised to see him run for a lower state office.
1.4	He had met the families of two of the Marines while serving in an official family-support role for Echo Company 4th Reconnaissance Battalion in Joliet.
0.2	"In every instance I'm aware of, when there's been a balcony collapse, there's been in excess of 20 people on it."
1.0	Newsom, who famously broke state law when he married same-sex couples in 2004 and promoted the nation's first universal health care program, was sidelined for months from appearing much before the local press and coming up with the controversial initiatives he adores.
-1.6	"They're just so beneficial right now. It's a luxury right now. It takes so much pressure off us."
-0.2	The issue is being blown out of proposition, he told TOI.
-0.2	Martin said word was that O'Quinn wanted to have at least 1,000 cars.
0.8	But while this assumes rate rises spread evenly over the year, some economists believe the RBA could hike rates every month until the autumn.
1.4	At one point, there were about 45 puzzlers, but those who quit or retired have not been replaced.
0.8	"I hope he gets healthy soon, but I could tell he wasn't 100-percent," Johnson said.
1.6	Lane Lewis, a teacher, was appointed by mayors Bob Lanier, Lee Brown and White to several police oversight committees.
1.0	The New York-based Center for Constitutional Rights and the law firm Kramer Levin Naftalis & Frankel said Palau has agreed to provide a temporary home for the three Uighurs they represented while the United States continues to search for a country where the men can be permanently resettled.
1.2	They co-wrote a letter to Senate majority leader Harry Reid on extending unemployment insurance, discussed strategy on the health care debate, and joined forces behind a bill that would help reduce greenhouse gas emissions and create clean energy jobs.
2.0	At 6:48 a.m. Friday, the Panamanian tanker Dubai Star spilled bunker oil into the bay as the ship was being refueled about 2 1/2 miles south of the Bay Bridge.
1.4	Five female victims were found inside the home, and another female body was discovered outside the home, said Cuyahoga County Coroner Frank Miller III.
2.0	A number of other displays followed, and the state eventually declared a moratorium that froze several pending permit requests.
1.8	In one of Qian's legendary stories, a missile project team encountered repeated failures during the engine experiments in 1950s.
0.6	Nearly 387 years after his demise here comes an editor who claims to have removed anomalies from Goswami Tulsidas's magnum opus 'Ramcharitmanas'.
-0.6	Stacho said a tipster told officers of Sowell's whereabouts and police arrested him Saturday afternoon as he walked on a street near the 4th District Police Headquarters.
0.4	The New York-based investor proposed this week to buy CIT holders' bonds for 60 cents on the dollar in a tender offer lasting 30 days if they rejected the plan.
0.4	Hundreds of thousands of votes were discounted from August's first round of voting.
1.4	Geithner told NBC's "Meet the Press" that bringing back jobs and the confidence of investors will be the real test of recovery.
1.8	The prime minister is keen to use the autumn pre-budget statement to announce a new "fiscal stimulus", with billions of pounds of extra money for housing, infrastructure projects and training.
0.4	"We respect her decision and wish her the best in the future," said spokesman Bob Reed, who added that Quinn plans to fill the position.
1.2	An Ohio assembly plant voted yesterday and another Michigan factory votes today.
0.8	Quinn named her to the post last month, and Adams was set to move to Johannesburg in January.
1.8	A jump in the import index to 52.8 from 50.7 "shows an acceleration of domestic demand," Zhang said.
1.0	Hastings noted Chaudhry's disability from his military service as well as his service as a volunteer firefighter in Yakima and volunteer work with the Red Cross youth program.
0.4	In 2002, Sir Terry was knighted at the behest of Mr Blair's Government.
0.6	"Money that went to the armed forces that could have been or should have been spent on health and education, social services, was basically squandered. In any case the time is right now for democracy, for the people of of Guinea to get the elections they were hoping for," he added.
-0.2	"Sometimes he would just go off if he didn't have his way."
1.0	But it is making a splash in China just the same because it is so unusual for anybody from the inner sanctum of the Chinese sporting world to break the code of silence that usually prevails over sensitive subjects.
1.4	Chaudhry's attorney, Devin T. Theriot-Orr of Seattle, says immigration authorities shouldn't be concerned with minor convictions from nearly 15 years ago.
-1.0	"I'm just a boy."
0.8	Wal-Mart has added upscale cookware lines from celebrities like Southern-cooking celebrity Paula Deen and created boutiques within the home department to feature merchandise out of the box.
-0.4	What scares her: "Clowns. That, and becoming my mother."
1.4	The cause of the spill is still under investigation, but early evidence pointed to mechanical failure.
-0.2	Mirinae passed south of the sprawling city of 12 million.
1.6	Billionaire Tory donor Lord Ashcroft was embroiled in fresh controversy last night after it emerged that he accompanied the shadow foreign secretary to key meetings overseas, amid rumours that he will be given a top foreign policy role in a future Conservative government.
1.2	Exports to China, the biggest buyer of South Korean goods, gained 3.4 percent in the first 20 days of October.
0.0	The second lesson, Ambinder says, is that "populist, regular-guy candidates can win in supposedly 'moderate' districts."
0.6	"With one phone call they could have brought the whole thing down," Atkins said.
2.0	Despite Gordon Brown's campaigning on Mr Blair's behalf for the EU Presidency, the estimated £15million Mr Blair has made from commercial activities since stepping down as Prime Minister in 2007 has inevitably added to doubts over his focus on political matters.
1.6	"This never happens. It's a vote of no confidence in the bargaining committee and a vote of no confidence in Ford," said Gary Chaison, a labor professor at Clark University in Worcester, Massachusetts.
0.6	Castillo said rescuers are factoring in the military members' physical fitness in the decision to keep searching.
0.8	He will face court again on January 7.
0.4	In June 2008 the partners accepted Yee's request to resign.
1.0	Secretary of State Hillary Clinton tried Saturday to revive peace talks between Israel and the Palestinian Authority, whose chief negotiator characterized the process as "stuck."
-0.2	Stacho said Sowell makes his living as a "scrapper."
0.4	"There is a need to check large scale religious conversion being carried out in the country through inducements by incorporating the provision of embracing any faith before a competent authority," Singh said addressing the 'Amrit Mahotsav' of senior BJP leader Kailash Narayan Sarang, here last night.
1.4	"With a young family and responsibilities at City Hall, I have found it impossible to commit the time required to complete this effort the way it needs to - and should be - done."
1.6	Republican Dierdre Scozzafava has suspended her campaign for the New York House and is encouraging supporters to embrace Conservative Party nominee Doug Hoffman.
2.0	Fitzgerald said the United States imposed the travel curbs, and is considering the financial sanctions, to show that impunity in unacceptable in Guinea and elsewhere.
0.8	Still, Caltrans officials warned that the necessary stress tests could lead to more construction work to make sure the repair can withstand high winds and vibrations - the conditions engineers blame for breaking the original fix.
-0.2	Then after the American invasion of 2003, business came to a halt.
1.6	Ford has said it needs the concessions to ensure that it doesn't have a labor-cost disadvantage against GM and Chrysler, which unloaded debt, closed plants and eliminated dealership contracts in their court restructurings.
1.0	Montes was always aware of the wrath he inspired and the dangers that it brought.
1.6	Out of about 80 countries that signed a global treaty, Mexico is one of seven with a pattern of not complying with requests children be returned, according to the report.
0.4	Standing on the sideline without pads, Allen watched Notre Dame get their most convincing win since routing Nevada 35-0 in the season opener.
0.0	The global downturn in ACE activity, especially since 2005, comes as scientists continue to debate the impact of climate change on hurricane activity.
-0.2	"The search has been continuous since the collision occurred at approximately 7 p.m. Thursday."
1.6	As well as paying for most of Hague's flights, Flying Lion has flown Mark Francois, the shadow minister to Europe, to former Yugoslav and Russian states and Andrew Mitchell, the shadow international development secretary, to South America, the Caribbean and Africa over the last two years.
2.0	If correct, this would push the typical standard variable rate at the big banks, currently around 6 per cent, to around 8.20 per cent and raise repayments on a $300,000 mortgage from $1798 to $2242 - an increase of $433 a month.
-0.6	"John knows what he's doing, and he's fit and he's very smart. They're saying that they're still looking."
0.2	It's unclear what will become of the work Ford promised that would create or preserve 6,000 UAW jobs, said one of the people.
0.0	She poured her heart into a two-page letter last week as part of a class exercise, and plans to mail it to Smith in juvenile hall.
2.0	Even wastewater treatment has proved difficult in Yemen.
0.6	The company, who have exported their hugely successful formula around the world, wanted Mr Blair to use his international political and diplomatic clout to 'open doors' for them.
1.8	The Yemeni engineers working on the World Bank project concede they have had tremendous difficulty convincing other farmers - and even government agencies - to take their efforts seriously.
1.0	Mr. Tsvangirai, however, hinted at compromise when he spoke to the media after the troika visited him at his offices.
0.2	"The bay is huge and we all use it, so it is important to keep it clean," Tenn said as she stared out at the booms laid out in the water protecting the bird sanctuary.
0.6	"Through it all he stood firm, which is why he'll also stand tall when the history of our time in office is finally written," said the former US president.
0.2	He was treated like a rock star at his town hall meetings, but despised the long hours of fundraising phone calls.
-1.0	The previous six games for Notre Dame (6-2) were nerve-wrackers decided in the final minutes.
0.8	Boston accountant Harry Markopolos did ask questions, but his warnings to the SEC - that Madoff was running a Ponzi scheme - were ignored.
1.4	Ashcroft has been criticised for refusing to clarify his tax status and explain whether he pays income tax in Britain.
1.0	Consequently, the pilots lost sight of each other before the fatal collision, and became disorientated.
0.8	Chidambaram said India would retaliate strongly against any attempt by Pakistan to send infiltrators into India and "we have strength to tackle any such infiltration".
-0.4	"Once it's deemed safe, that's when it will open," said Lauren Wonder, a Caltrans spokeswoman.
0.2	The Collegium's decision to put Justice Dinakaran's name on hold till the inquiry is completed will help scotch the feeling that the apex court responded inadequately to serious allegations against a HC Chief Justice.
1.6	There were indications, however, that the government's response was being influenced by electoral politics.
0.4	It ... is used as a pretext ... that prevents the re-establishment of negotiations.
0.2	Two analysts said ValueAct's ongoing communication with investors about the Yee case and the fact that the SEC has not implicated the firm in any way will likely calm clients' nerves and prevent them from pulling money out hastily.
-0.2	"The board in general acted responsibly by saying, 'We're willing to do this." Icahn said in a telephone interview.
1.8	Ahead of the release of new findings from Queensland's Crime and Misconduct Commission on illicit drugs, intelligence director Chris Keen confirmed that cocaine use "is more prevalent over a wider range of demographics".
0.8	"If we carry on at this pace we'll still be here in 500 years' time," says Ernst Schroedinger, a 54-year-old former amateur boxer turned puzzler.
1.2	He alerted U.S. immigration authorities after learning otherwise years later.
0.8	Most of them were young and healthy, like 23-year-old Peter Curtin, who ran the Baltimore Marathon this month.
0.8	Prosecutors in the border state of Sonora, where the slayings occurred, said they were investigating a number of possible motives.
-0.2	He found Pierce, who hit a 25-footer that made it 53-35 early in the third.
1.6	"It is on record that we have more than 1,000 erosion sites in the state, more than 500 are active. I should call this a major disaster in Anambra state, and that is what we are dealing with here."
1.6	"In 2006 I came to the view that the whole classification system needed to be examined as it was out of time and gave the advisory council a mandate to investigate that and report back to me," Clarke said.
1.2	On Saturday, the NATO-led force announced the latest coalition death in the war.
-1.6	"My own sense is not to be pushy or in any way be disrespectful. While I have held other positions that have required leadership, my style isn't to run for the lights and for center stage."
-0.4	The departures of the Uighurs occurred after the Supreme Court -- rejecting the administration's position -- said on October 20 that it would hear an appeal by the Uighurs, who argue that they should be released in the United States.
0.6	While dozens of foreign warships are cruising Somalia's waters right now, trying to crack down on the stubborn piracy problem, there are very few, if any, foreign military personnel on shore.
1.8	Afghan intelligence chief Amrullah Saleh said Afghan authorities had advance information that a Taliban attack in Kabul was in the works but was expected it during rush hour, and officials were unsure of the target.
-0.4	"It just breaks your heart," the Sugar Land Republican said.
1.2	Professor Kathrin Yen, of the Ludwig Institute in Graz, Austria, which specialises in traumatology research, said she had more tests to complete on Mr Hampton, who had a three-year-old son with Ms Gryshcuk.
-1.2	Several insiders said the mayor couldn't handle his four jobs: father to a newborn, husband to a woman who doesn't particularly enjoy politics, running a city and running for governor.
-0.4	The decision by the home secretary, Alan Johnson, to call on Professor David Nutt to resign as chairman of the Advisory Council on the Misuse of Drugs (ACMD) has thrown the future of the respected independent body into severe doubt.
0.4	They take no chances at the annual Marine Corps Marathon, held last Sunday in Washington, D.C., where thousands of spotters watch every runner, every step.
0.0	"I'm the quarterback, right, the leader," he said plaintively to the football coach.
-0.4	The missing crew members from the Coast Guard C-130 are all stationed in Sacramento, Calif., where their aircraft was based.
1.2	Capt. Tom Farris, commander of the Coast Guard's San Diego sector, said it's not unusual to have a high volume of military traffic working in training areas and pilots in the area are responsible for seeing other aircraft around them under a so-called "see-and-avoid principle."
0.8	"If we face a similar catastrophe now, who will allow us to move?"
1.2	"No steel structure is completely free of imperfections," Heminger said.
0.2	The other downsides of screening, to be described in more detail in the advice, include missing some cancers and the anxiety caused by identifying others that do not exist, so-called "false positives".
0.4	Mikhail Gorbachev, Helmut Kohl and George Bush Senior paid tribute to the ordinary people who were behind the peaceful revolution of 1989.
0.6	On a battered street in the middle-class neighborhood of Zayouna, Muhi Mohammed Hussein trimmed an elaborate plant sculpture in the shape of an eagle in front of his home.
1.8	RBS is understood to be preparing to put its network of around 300 RBS-branded branches in England up for sale, under the Williams and Glyn brand they used until 1985.
1.2	Another scientist who shares this view is Kevin Trenberth, head of the Climate Analysis Section at the National Center for Atmospheric Research in Boulder, Colo.
1.0	Litt served six years on the Houston Community College board and then became president of Southwest Houston 2000.
1.6	Prime Minister Manmohan Singh had described Left-wing extremism as the gravest internal security threat and called for a nuanced strategy to tackle the Naxal violence.
2.2	Activity through October in each of the world's six cyclone basins, from the North Atlantic to the Indian Ocean, has been at or below historical levels.
1.0	Christopher Scott Corben, 30, was arrested an hour later by officers from The Rocks and charged with the woman's sexual assault.
0.2	Maue said he started collecting and publishing the global ACE data on his Web site after seeing Emanuel's paper because he wanted to see who was right.
0.6	On the Day of the Dead holiday this weekend, Arreola planned to mourn the way Mexicans do.
0.4	She has also set tough conditions on Dutch and German banks receiving state aid and is keen that should only be given in exchange for re-structuring and increased competition within the banking market.
-0.2	Still, she said, even in Baghdad, "There are a lot of beautiful gardens but the people are out of the country" because of the violence.
-0.2	They argued that Quinn should clean house, but he has kept several high-profile Blagojevich appointees, moving them into different state jobs.
-1.4	What scares her: "Getting pregnant."
1.8	CIT's agreement with New York-based Goldman Sachs will reduce a $3 billion credit facility to $2.13 billion and keep the line open should CIT file for bankruptcy.
0.0	Newsom became the first to announce his candidacy for governor earlier this year, using Twitter to break the news.
0.4	"Unfortunately, we haven't been able to find her yet, but we are not going to stop fighting," Olson said.
1.2	A source close to Lord Mandelson said: 'It is wrong to blame Simon for what has happened. He has done a good job in difficult circumstances.'
1.6	He has led peasants and squatters in claims for vast chunks of countryside, disputes that have on occasion turned violent.
0.0	"He just kept finding me," Pierce said.
-0.8	"Is that what we want in the UK?"
0.8	Nevertheless, some observers said it appeared that some of the region's response tactics - specifically communication among jurisdictions and agencies - had improved since 2007.
1.8	President Hamid Karzai's rival in the second round of the Afghan presidential poll says he will announce on Sunday whether he intends to quit the race.
1.0	Abdullah canceled a planned trip to the Indian capital, Delhi, to attend a conference there Saturday.
0.4	After school, he had picked up a plastic jug of kerosene for his mother, which he stowed along with his green backpack.
1.2	In the past, India has tamed some secessionist movements by coaxing rebel groups into the country's big-tent political process.
0.6	The Alamodome blowout debuted Notre Dame's plan to play one offsite home game a year.
0.6	"Manufacturing is clearly the strongest part of the economy right now because it's benefiting from the need to restock."
2.0	A former top executive at hedge fund firm ValueAct Capital is one of seven people charged with trading on inside information in Acxiom Corp.
1.6	Connie Seidman of Carmichael, Calif., whose 43-year-old son was aboard the plane, said he had been in the Coast Guard since he was 20 and loved to fly.
-0.2	Juan Antonio Lozano Jr. strapped her into a safety seat and drove away.
1.0	Nutt accused the former home secretary, Jacqui Smith, of "distorting and devaluing" scientific research.
0.4	The Oct. 23 sit-down with Newsom followed months of internal turmoil and personnel exits within the campaign.
1.2	The two aircraft collided at 7:10 p.m. Thursday as the Coast Guard was conducting a search operation for a missing boater.
0.4	ValueAct, a nine-year-old firm that invests roughly $3.5 billion in undervalued securities, said it has been cooperating with the SEC since the agency began probing Yee in 2008.
0.2	All were being checked for spinal injuries.
2.2	Plagued by low poll numbers and anemic fundraising, and with a newborn daughter at home, San Francisco Mayor Gavin Newsom dropped out of the governor's race on Friday.
1.0	Those now set to join the Supreme Court Bench are: Justices A K Patnaik, T S Thakur, S S Nijjar and K S Radhakrishna, the Chief Justices of the High Courts of Madhya Pradesh, Punjab and Haryana, Calcutta and Gujarat.
-1.0	"We collectively feel strongly in the state that we have a good thing going, and that the federal government has been a partner . . . and we want to make sure that continues."
0.6	He also was permitted to visit with Aung San Suu Kyi.
2.0	Tate sprung for the ball and tumbled to the ground in a tangled mass, but after the replay booth confirmed the junior had possession, the stadium erupted.
1.4	Though Muhammad Zahid Chaudhry is fighting deportation from the United States he still flies an American flag at his west Yakima home.
1.4	"A settlement freeze and acknowledging the terms of reference is the only way toward peace negotiations," he said.
1.6	One river in Laguna overflowed, flooding most of lakeside Santa Cruz town and sending residents clambering onto roofs, said Mayor Ariel Magcalas.
1.2	The California Department of Fish and Game banned shoreline fishing and shellfish harvesting until state health officials can evaluate any contamination caused by the spill.
0.6	Voting in next week's Virginia and New Jersey governors' races will render a first judgment on Obama, who was sworn into office just over nine months ago in the midst of the worst recession since World War Two.
1.2	But Mr Adbullah's campaign said on Saturday that no final decision had been made, and that the former foreign minister would announce his next move on Sunday.
2.0	Mr Abdullah Abdullah called for the resignation of key election officials and others as a way to mitigate fraud and corruption in the vote.
0.8	A subsequent search revealed what appeared to be a freshly dug grave under the stairs in the basement, he said.
1.0	Clausen threw two touchdowns, including a desperation heave that Golden Tate spectacularly pulled down to end the first half, and Notre Dame clobbered Washington State 40-14 on Saturday night.
1.6	Even though they have never met, she considers a woman from Michigan a second mother and a woman in Arizona to be her online protector - searching out leads as well as scam artists.
-0.4	The largely online school has about 40,000 students registered for its introductory clergy-training course and more lighthearted fare about zombies, vampires and Harry Potter.
-0.4	But money was never the point to O'Quinn.
1.2	"If we can get the inclusive government working again and if all the GPA issues are resolved or partially resolved depending on what the summit will deal with then we are able to push the country forward, that's the most important objective."
-2.0	Lift.
1.6	Six consecutive games decided by seven points or fewer were a school record for Notre Dame, which didn't put away Boston College last week until an interception in the final two minutes.
0.4	The disclosure that No 10 is preparing to throw its weight behind Miliband will prompt speculation that Brown has given up on Blair's hopes, since British candidates could not fill both Brussels posts.
0.6	The Tories last night confirmed that Ashcroft had been on the trip and attended some meetings, but refused to say who he had met, or whether he was being groomed for a high-level foreign policy position either in an advisory or a ministerial capacity in a future Tory government.
1.8	The union leader, Margarito Montes Parra, was killed in the southern part of Sonora bordering the state of Sinaloa, a major center for the production and transport of marijuana and heroin.
0.4	"We believe the sec was simply negligent in its investigations and examinations of Madoff's business."
-0.2	They pass rice farmers tending riverside plots, fishermen dragging homemade nets; they hear the roar of heavy machinery as big companies from the city move in to clear the jungle and set up plantations.
-2.0	EXTRA!
0.4	Mr Thomson said: 'Everybody else has moved into the Middle East market, from Marks & Spencer to Next, and it is strange that they haven't got a presence there.
-0.2	The Irish are already scheduled to be back in the Lone Star State in 2013 to play Arizona State at Cowboys Stadium.
2.2	Although both men deny it, there is speculation that the president wants to hand power to Gamal, our correspondent adds.
1.6	As well as meeting Clinton, Hague was scheduled to see national security adviser General Jim Jones, Senate committee on foreign relations chair John Kerry, Senator John McCain and World Bank president Robert Zoellick.
2.2	Closed areas include the Alameda County shoreline between the Bay Bridge and the San Mateo Bridge.
1.6	Matt Johnson intercepted four passes for the Eagles (6-3, 5-2 Big Sky), tying the conference record held by Weber State's Mike Babb (1989 vs. Idaho State) and Montana's Ed Cerkovnik (1977 vs. Portland State).
1.0	Mr Abdullah served as foreign minister in the short-lived government headed by the Northern Alliance, and continued as "foreign minister in exile" throughout the years of rule by the Taliban, which was ousted in 2001.
-0.6	"She's an emotional, deeply caring girl, the type who would care so much if this happened to another girl," Price said.
1.2	She then dispatched Shannon to Tegucigalpa, along with his deputy, Craig Kelly, and Dan Restrepo, the White House's special assistant for Western Hemisphere affairs.
1.2	'Tony Blair does not have any commercial relationship with Tesco and has not made any representations on their behalf.
0.6	"Every year we have to drill deeper and deeper to get water."
1.8	"In particular, we expect the first half of 2010 to be extremely difficult, especially in North America."
0.6	Trained sales staff approach customers about their electronics needs and offer home installation and consultation services for computers and entertainment systems.
-0.6	"All the ones that have contacted me are considering their positions," he said.
0.4	Mr Brown was furious when he refused.
1.0	Their goal is to topple the system.
0.8	Shafto has three competitors.
1.0	Hubbard doesn't deny Salem offers better business opportunities, particularly around Halloween.
0.6	Chow retired after 30 years working in the Houston planning department.
0.4	He said: 'I'd be surprised if the advisory council is operational by Christmas.'
0.8	It is illegal to import qat, and powerful growers known here as the "qat mafia" have threatened to shoot down any planes bringing in cheaper qat from abroad.
1.2	Young lead characters such as Finn on "Glee" and Chuck Bass on "Gossip Girl" aren't any one thing anymore; likewise kids who occupy the peripheries of the action, such as Marshall, the well-adjusted 14-year-old gay son on "United States of Tara" or Damon, the possibly-gay possibly-depressed goth son on "Hung."
1.2	The bodies were in an advanced state of decomposition, suggesting they'd been in the home a long time.
0.6	But it confirmed that no British bank will buy the profitable mortgage and savings book part of the Northern Rock, described as the "good" part of the company.
0.8	Holders of the $500 million in notes were offered 90 cents on the dollar in new debt and equity in an out-of-court exchange that expired at 11:59 p.m. in New York on Oct. 29.
2.0	Icahn, 73, who says he's CIT largest bondholder with $2 billion of its debt, initially opposed CIT's plan, contending the investments were worth more in a traditional bankruptcy.
1.4	October was the deadliest month of the war for U.S. forces with at least 57 American deaths.
0.2	Generally on the soapy "Gossip Girl," the teens are hard to classify in moral terms, as each seems to pass in and out of good and bad behavior in every episode.
1.4	Families of the missing said they were grateful rescuers weren't giving up.
0.4	In a related matter, on Tuesday, David Friehling, Madoff's accountant, is expected to enter a guilty plea on fraud charges.
0.6	Retail analysts say the longer the economic recovery takes, the more success Wal-Mart will have holding its core customer base and expanding beyond it.
1.8	Casualties have been on the rise since President Barack Obama sent more troops to confront the Taliban.
2.2	President Hamid Karzai's challenger plans to call for a boycott of next weekend's runoff election in an attempt to force the vote's postponement until spring, his campaign manager said - a move that would dim U.S. hopes for a stable Afghan government for months.
0.2	While other merchants have gone bankrupt or struggled to survive during this recession, Wal-Mart Stores Inc. is growing its empire and capitalizing on the holes left behind.
2.2	Also known as adivasis, they have faced decades of exploitation from local officials, moneylenders and private contractors, numerous government reports have found.
1.6	Chaudhry applied for citizenship in 2004 and received his denial in August 2008.
1.0	His critics contended that he was attempting to extend his time in power, a charge he has denied.
1.2	"It comes from Europe or wherever people travel, and they bring it back," she said.
2.0	It is expected to take three weeks for blood test results to come back.
0.4	The BBC's Ian Pannell in Kabul says that if he withdraws it will raise serious questions about the credibility of the election.
0.0	The latter, he said, "is right in the headlights of a decision the president is going to have to make on Afghanistan. It's going to be of enormous importance and impact. There are no easy answers."
-0.6	"You might lose them."
0.6	District G encompasses the west side of Houston.
1.8	A convicted rapist who fled before police arrived to arrest him on new rape charges was arrested Saturday in his inner-city neighborhood after police found six decomposing bodies at his home.
0.4	He paid about $1,450 in fines and restitution and says Australian police promised that the convictions wouldn't go on his record.
1.2	Kirk has been assigned to two important Senate committees: Homeland Security, which oversees domestic security issues, and Armed Services, which deals with military issues, including the Iraq and Afghanistan wars.
0.2	The daughter was hospitalized with life-threatening injuries and remains "unresponsive," Peoria police said Friday.
0.4	Trenberth said the ACE Index is far from a perfect measure for a seasonal hurricane activity because it fails to take a storm's size into account.
0.8	Instead, the attackers struck just before dawn.
-0.4	After they liquored up the girl with brandy, they proposed sex, according to several accounts by friends of those who were there but asked not to be named for fear of retaliation.
-0.8	'But I'm not as concerned about this as I am about alcohol.
1.4	His spokesman took more than 24 hours to reply, despite repeated requests by telephone and email.
1.0	The Coast Guard on Saturday identified the nine missing crew members.
0.2	The first two bodies were found Thursday night when police went to Sowell's home to arrest him on charges of felonious assault and rape.
-0.8	The two Marines on the Marine Corps Base Camp Pendleton chopper were one of four helicopter crews involved in the training exercise.
2.6	And in its middle-class neighborhoods, Baghdad is a city of surprising topiary sculptures: leafy ficus trees are carved in geometric spirals, balls, arches and squares, as if to impose order on a chaotic sprawl.
0.4	"Bill Grant was a giant. So the fact that Laura stepped forward - people will take that into account."
1.4	Labour claims Bearwood, a British-registered firm, has been the beneficiary of cash from Stargate Holdings, a Belize-based company.
1.2	Palestinians warn that popular frustration with the failure to produce a statehood deal could spill over into an upsurge in violence, even if few have appetite for a broad new uprising.
0.4	Sowell, who spent 15 years in prison for a rape committed in 1989, was known as a local "scrapper" who would earn money by harvesting metal from rubbish and skips.
1.6	The shares have declined 2.9 percent since the end of September after more than tripling this year.
1.0	An excerpt of the interview was released Saturday night.
2.4	Asked if Mr Blair had been in talks with Tesco about representing them in the Middle East, the spokesman declined to comment, nor would he answer questions about whether the sum of £1million had been discussed.
1.8	Car exports dropped 39.3 percent in the first 20 days of October and semiconductor shipments gained 32.8 percent from the same period last year.
1.6	"It is important that the government's messages on drugs are clear and as an adviser you do nothing to undermine the public understanding of them," Johnson told Nutt in his letter asking him to quit.
2.2	Marine Corps Air Station Miramar identified the Marine pilots of the AH-1W Super Cobra as Maj. Samuel Leigh and 1st Lt. Thomas Claiborne, both with Marine Light Attack Helicopter Squadron 469.
1.4	Ronald Yee, who had been the San Francisco-based hedge fund firm's chief financial officer until June 2008, was named in a civil suit filed by the Securities and Exchange Commission on Friday.
0.6	A revote is not a likely option because the deal was rejected by such a large margin, that person said.
0.8	Hamas' control over Gaza is another main stumbling block to peace efforts.
0.6	"Her face was purple and blue and she wasn't moving when they finished and ran," said Eraclio Lopez, 23, who lives nearby and ran over when the police cars rolled up.
-0.4	"I still got a goal to get to 89 touchdowns because my quarterback coach (Zak Hill) was a four-year starter at (Central Washington) and he had 88, so I've still got another goal."
-0.4	That urge to be unencumbered by predefined roles drives most of the youth drama in "Glee," as the students learn - with the guidance of teacher Will Schuester (Matthew Morrison) - that they can be whatever personality hybrid they desire.
1.2	He also said Illinois must be aggressive in promoting its businesses and products in emerging markets such as Africa.
0.2	Next to say no was a national newspaper political editor with close personal and political connections to Mr Brown.
0.8	The plants have been managed poorly, and some clerics have declared the reuse of wastewater to be a violation of Islamic principles.
2.0	But both sides applauded the deal Friday and said it signaled a possible end to the crisis that has isolated and divided the impoverished Central American country since a military-backed coup ousted Zelaya on June 28.
1.0	On Saturday, a top Coast Guard official said he believed the C-130 pilot had spoken with the military controllers before the accident.
0.6	The initiatives have stirred some concern in the City, headquarters of London's leading law firms and maritime insurance groups.
1.4	They are paid a standard German bureaucrat's salary of between $29,600 and $37,000 a year.
0.6	The thousands who apply to see their files would probably agree.
0.2	Some of the 215 detainees are expected to be released.
2.8	As Maoists menace continued to be unabated, the government is all set to launch the much-awaited full-fledged anti-Naxal operations at three different areas, considered trijunctions of worst Naxal-affected states.
0.8	"Exports are still on the decline, but Korea will see an increase in coming months," said Lee Sang Jae, an economist at Hyundai Securities Co. in Seoul.
0.6	In one of the most popular local web portal "19 lou", more than8,000 visitors read the news in three hours.
-0.2	Why she does it: "The whole horror genre really attracts me. And, I started dating someone who works here."
1.2	Movement for Democratic Change spokesman Nelson Chamisa told VOA his party would not attend Tuesday's weekly cabinet meeting, the third such meeting it has boycotted, until the issues that brought about the disengagement are addressed.
0.8	O'Quinn was not married and had no children, reducing the likelihood of a probate dispute.
0.0	After last week's fiasco, when an eastern span patch job fell apart after a mere seven weeks - we certainly hope so.
0.6	"All hands need to be on deck."
1.4	Despite Brown's endorsement by three prominent black ministers, Holand Baker said he was sticking with Locke.
1.8	Kirk insists he will use his influence more, though it is unlikely he would throw verbal bombs at Republicans or give fiery speeches.
0.4	"Some of the problem of erosion is created by our people, by our attitude to waste disposal," he said.
0.6	"They give a whole new perspective and improve our approach to customers to provide more aggressive hospitality," Cabral said.
0.4	Still, the water crisis could be eased substantially through a return to rainwater collection and better management, Mr. Renger said.
0.8	The Ivy boasts that it is "a sophisticated urban playground" which has "world-class design and service".
0.4	Their prayers will be answered Halloween weekend when the handful of teachers and staff from the school pull up stakes and move where they feel more welcome: Salem, Mass., the site of the infamous witchcraft trials more than three centuries ago.
1.6	"But we are not going to accept any kind of imperfection that will lead to maintenance problems down the line, and we are certainly not going to accept anything that is going to bring into question the safety of the structure."
1.4	Flights at Manila's international airport were canceled and about 8,000 ferry passengers were stranded as the coast guard grounded all vessels.
-0.8	"I still think that would be the right course of action."
0.4	'It can lead to alcohol poisoning and extremely risky behaviour. Alcohol kills several children a night. That's what we should be telling our kids and that's where our big effort should be.'
1.4	Clarke said the work of the advisory council had always been "extremely valuable" when he was at the Home Office.
0.6	Nutt has argued that all drugs, including alcohol and tobacco, should be ranked by a "harm" index, with alcohol coming fifth behind cocaine, heroin, barbiturates and methadone.
1.8	The Obama administration imposed U.S. travel restrictions on members of Guinea's military leadership and key supporters earlier this week.
0.4	Today's younger demographics don't necessarily find the idea of dividing into us and them, or gay and straight, or black and white, as compelling.
1.8	Billionaire investor George Soros said Oct. 30 in Budapest that China will be the "greatest winner" from the global financial crisis, with the U.S. losing the most, leading to a shift in their positions that exceeds expectations.
1.0	China, Li said, is willing to work with Queensland to push bilateral exchanges and cooperation to a higher level in a variety of sectors, including investments, agriculture, mining, clean energy, environmental protection and technology.
0.4	It comes as the Financial Services Authority takes over regulation of the way banks treat their customers.
2.2	John Kerry, a Massachusetts Democrat and member of the Senate Finance Committee, is leading a group of senators from states with more expansive Medicaid programs in seeking an additional 3 percent federal match, which would mean about $30 million extra a year for Massachusetts, according to his office.
1.2	On that fateful weekend, 15 minutes after the deadline for returning Bianca by 6 p.m. Sunday passed, Hebert felt sickened.
0.4	The SEC did not identify Yee's former employer.
1.6	"Any insinuation that deals would have been made is absolutely false," the IOC said in a statement released last week.
2.0	A pilot reported seeing a fireball about 7:10 p.m. Thursday near the crash site.
1.8	It appeared the uncertainty was aimed in part at allowing Abdullah to keep his options open until the last possible moment.
1.4	The Joliet man said he wanted to celebrate five fallen Marines when running in the 5-kilometer Race of the Dead in the primarily Mexican neighborhood of Pilsen, surrounded by jaunty mariachi music and playful skeleton figures meant to mock death.
0.2	Through June, Newsom reported having raised $1.2 million, while Brown had raked in $7.4 million - without even entering the race.
-1.2	"The last two was just seeing the ball in the air and making a play."
1.8	Clinton met with Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas in Abu Dhabi before flying to Israel for meetings with Israeli officials, including Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu.
0.6	"He wasn't mechanically inclined, so we were particularly proud of him, because he had to master an awful lot," said David Leigh, who lives in Belgrade.
0.6	In May, in his role as peace envoy, Blair met the education minister of the United Arab Emirates.
0.4	The couple are being held on the Kota Wajar container ship, which is registered in Singapore and owned by one of the world's largest shipping companies, Pacific International Lines.
0.2	"The Republicans will never have a majority in the House unless they have every seat in Eastern Washington other than downtown Spokane. So this is a must-win," said Vance, who is not working on the race.
1.6	U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton said Saturday that Israel is making "unprecedented" concessions on West Bank settlement construction - a position clearly at odds with the prevailing Palestinian view.
1.2	And now it is those 400 students and the rest of the 1,600-strong student body, along with their teachers and community leaders, who are wrestling to make sense of what happened.
1.8	A meeting of top seers from the temple town has demanded the Jagadguru's personal appearance on November 8 and also an unconditional apology, or face de-canonisation from the chair.
0.6	Avalos added that nobody in his district, the Excelsior, has seen the mayor for months - and that residents were especially frustrated the mayor didn't respond or visit the neighborhood after a recent deadly stabbing there.
1.2	She turned to the Internet to join the community of those looking for disappeared children.
0.4	Under the Senate Finance bill, which has by far the least generous subsidies, that family would have to pay $362 a month, according to charts compiled by Community Catalyst, a national health care advocacy group based in Boston.
0.6	Experience ranked high among those who favored City Controller Annise Parker.
1.0	"He made more impact in six years than anybody had ever made in such a short time in the collector car business. And possibly more impact than anyone who collected over 20 years."
-0.4	Violence erupts almost daily.
-0.2	The campaigns have been "pretty low temperature," said Keir Murray, a consultant unaffiliated with any council races.
0.4	The farmers whom Montes represented often find themselves trapped in the drug war, with traffickers forcing them to work illicit crops.
0.0	A reading above 50 indicates an expansion.
0.6	"I think there is a lot for us at Washington State to gain from this," Wulff said.
-0.4	Scozzafava's critics said she's too moderate, even liberal.
0.6	When immigration authorities said they found him to "lack good moral character," he filed a complaint in U.S. District Court in Yakima.
0.4	Montes was the head of the General Popular Union of Workers and Farmers, which has tens of thousands of members.
-1.4	She said she didn't know its source.
0.8	"So if you go back and do the second round election, it means that it will happen again. So, therefore, I don't think that we would be willing to participate."
0.4	The Americans were capitalizing on efforts already made by President Oscar Arias of Costa Rica, a Nobel Peace Prize laureate, and the Organization of American States.
0.4	The Lib Dems Treasury spokesman Vince Cable welcomed more competition in the banking sector but said there should be no urgency to the sales.
0.4	"There is no coordination with other parts of the government, even after we explain the dangers," said Ali Hassan Awad.
0.4	In September, the Collegium headed by the CJI had recommended Justice Dinakaran for elevation to the SC.
1.2	Nick Tausch kicked field goals from 16 and 23 yards and set a Notre Dame record with 14 consecutive field goals without a miss.
-0.4	"We knew he was a real intelligent Marine," Arreola said of Cpl. Peter Giannopoulos of Inverness.
-0.2	But the costs of maintaining his garden have risen.
1.2	In July, the House of Lords' European Union committee published a report on terrorism funding that voiced concern over the lack of information about a pirate-terrorist connection.
-0.2	To know who they are, you have to experience them, plain and simple.
1.6	Few were aware of the bickering that has marked the race in recent days, particularly accusations traded between Locke and Brown supporters over how they have courted African-American voters.
0.6	The ministry said it has initiated an independent judicial probe and an administrative investigation into the matter.
1.8	Evan Harris, another Liberal Democrat member of the science and technology select committee, said: "The political sacking of a distinguished scientist, who is the chair of an independent scientific advisory committee, for the 'crime' of having different views than the secretary of state, is an enormous blow to the credibility of the government's approach to scientific evidence."
1.4	If Lozano, 42, is in Mexico, he's found a country that is known for parents not wanting to turn over their children, according to a 2009 report by The Hague's convention of nations on international child abduction.
0.8	Some said his constant traveling had left the city without a captain - a big problem as the city copes with its worst financial outlook since the Great Depression.
1.0	The government, which holds a 70% stake in RBS and a 43% stake in Lloyds after last October's bailouts, could announce the sell-off plans as early as Tuesday.
1.6	He also said the two sides released a joint declaration and signed a number of cooperation agreements.
1.4	He told the police, for example, that he could provide proof of citizenship; Chaudhry said he only meant to show he was in the U.S. legally.
0.4	"It was probably one of the most phenomenal catches I've seen anyone make, ever," Notre Dame coach Charile Weis said.
1.0	An index of export orders climbed to 54.5 from 53.3.
0.4	Carol Adams, a former Illinois Department of Human Services secretary, sent Quinn's office a letter Friday saying she could not accept the job, explaining, "Pressing family medical issues make my relocation to South Africa prohibitive.
1.6	General Jones's office declined to say whether Ashcroft was present at Hague's meeting.
1.2	Recent figures showing that Britain is still in recession have convinced Brown that more spending will be required next year to support any faltering recovery.
0.8	The manufacturing index, released by the logistics federation and the Beijing-based National Bureau of Statistics, is based on replies to questionnaires sent to purchasing executives at more than 730 companies in 20 industries.
-0.8	"The market will never be the same," Daugherty said of the collecting void left by O'Quinn's death.
-1.4	As for the suspects: They were a mix of the bad boys, the wannabe bad boys, and the hardened, grown-up bad boys who had aged out of school.
1.0	Ed Hubbard, co-founder and CEO of the Witch School, said he underestimated the difficulty faced by the school when it relocated to Rossville, about 125 miles south of Chicago near the Indiana border.
1.2	If the prepackaged plan is approved, the company plans to file for bankruptcy before $800 million of bonds mature next week, according to people familiar with the situation who declined to be identified because the talks are private.
1.4	Nearby, sinkholes in the arid soil of his property are growing longer and deeper every year.
1.4	Scientists believe the virus is more severe in children because they have not been exposed to related outbreaks.
0.0	While Peter Brown's self-funding of his campaign and TV advertising advantage mirrors that of White, he raised from donors roughly 10 percent of what White did, a fact not lost on voters.
1.2	Already, the lack of water is fueling tribal conflicts and insurgencies, Mr. Eryani said.
1.2	But money, not campaign dynamics, was at the root of the session.
0.8	Supporters - and opponents - of Brown said they had been motivated by his dominance of their television sets and mailboxes, either appreciating his "blueprint" for Houston or feeling put off by a candidate who spent more than $3 million to get his message out.
0.4	On April 24, 1970, "Dongfanghong-I (Red East 1)", the country's first man-made satellite, was successfully launched.
0.6	Mr Lewis was recruited by Peter Mandelson, who is believed to have sought advice on the appointment from public-relations millionaire Roland Rudd, a spokesman for Russian oligarch Oleg Deripaska.
2.0	The association's head, He Zhenliang, a Chinese member of the International Olympic Committee, is accused by Yuan of having nearly scuttled Beijing's Olympic bid by supporting a South Korean candidate, Kim Un-yong, to head the IOC instead of Rogge.
-1.2	"When you've got a team on its back, when we're up 15 points in the half, we didn't want to give them any confidence in that third quarter."
2.0	Ari Abdallah Morales, 16, of San Pablo and Marcelles James Peter, 17, of Pinole were transferred out of Richmond High to continuation high schools.
0.8	But no other U.S. state actually requires such information, Hamermesh said.
0.6	Four other Uighurs were moved to Bermuda in June.
-1.2	"I learned that's not true."
2.0	In April, he faces an immigration judge in a deportation hearing.
2.0	Many regarded his death as "a superstar fell" and expressed their blessings for him -- "Dear Mr. Qian, rest in peace. We will never forget your achievements."
1.2	Police said six people, including a 12-year-old girl, drowned in a flash flood in Laguna province's Pagsanjan township, south of Manila.
-1.2	"This is where we have our relaxation," he said, speaking English.
1.4	A senior State Department official said Friday the Obama administration is considering financial sanctions against Guinea's military rulers to try to prompt junta leader Moussa Dadis Camara to step aside and allow free elections.
1.0	He also said Democrats will take the sidelining of Scozzafava as a positive trend for the long-term, believing that the Republican Party will conservatize itself to death demographically.
1.6	Two people were discharged this morning, with the remaining 17 in a stable condition.
0.6	"If it's not the lowest it's been in the satellite era, it's definitely an example of a period of the slowest activity," said Ryan Maue, a Florida State University doctoral candidate in meteorology who has tracked global ACE values in recent years.
2.0	Local people with missing relatives have gathered outside the house where the bodies were discovered, some of them clutching photographs of their missing loved ones.
-0.4	"They need to ask questions and in the Madoff case, there were not just red flags for the SEC, there were red flags for investors," Atkins said.
1.0	Adams could not be reached for comment, and a phone number she listed at the top of her letter was temporarily disconnected.
1.6	Brown released a statement Friday reading in part, "Mayor Newsom is a talented public official, and I believe he has a bright future."
1.2	Brown also hopes the stimulus package will open a new dividing line between Labour and Conservative plans over the public finances.
0.2	"Eddie's a great shooter," said Marquis Daniels, who finished with four assists and scored all 7 of his points in that second quarter.
0.8	Curtis Garmon is a purchasing agent from Lakewood Heights.
1.4	He had been quiet in the first half, taking just five shots and missing four, but for the second straight game, he came up huge after the break.
-0.2	There was a stretch of three straight possessions in the third in which Rondo found Ray Allen for a long jumper and a pair of 3-pointers, and Allen said, "It's weird because I never really felt like he had the ball at all."
1.2	A flamboyant farmworker organizer who called himself a modern-day Emiliano Zapata has been slain in a brazen ambush that also killed 14 members of his family and staff, officials said Saturday.
1.6	Analysts say Mr Mubarak is under pressure from the United States - a close ally and major aid donor - to introduce democratic reforms.
1.2	Currently, such donations are only revealed in the semi-annual reports or when they are made within a month of an election.
1.2	Home sales have climbed in recent months, propelled in part by an $8,000 tax credit for first-time buyers that's set to expire at the end of this month.
0.4	Now state officials are working to make sure the federal proposals don't undermine the state's pioneering system - and that Massachusetts isn't penalized financially for being first.
0.4	The number of drills has only grown since they were outlawed in 2002.
1.4	"Basically, he was told what needed to be done and that it was up to him to do it," said one person who was there.
1.0	Hubel had missed the last two games with a knee injury that Johnson noted still appeared to affect his productivity.
1.2	"It's dangerous," said Ali Mursidin, an official in Teluk Meranti, a town of 2,500 people.
1.2	Yuan declined an interview request, saying through his publisher that he preferred to maintain a low profile.
1.2	Earlier in the day, a top aide to Abbas, Saeb Erekat, told The Associated Press that Abbas rejected Clinton's request that he allow Israel's government to complete building 3,000 units in Jewish settlements in the West Bank, and to allow the government to construct public buildings and continue construction in east Jerusalem - a territory Palestinians hope will be their future capital.
-0.6	"If we'd gone over there earlier, before it was over, those mother- would have been shot. For real," said 24-year-old Chuckie Pelayo, leader of a pack that hangs out at the corner of Hayes Street and Emeric Avenue, one block from the rape scene.
1.2	Mr Bush, 85, who was US president from 1989-93, said the historic events behind the wall's collapse had grown "in the hearts and minds of the people who so long had to strive for their God-given rights".
0.4	Officially, suave Mr Lewis will remain the Prime Minister's main official spokesman.
0.6	As part of the deal, UBS admitted it actively helped Americans evade U.S. taxes.
1.8	Colleagues say Kirk has fit in seamlessly, capitalizing on his friendly persona as well as his past as Kennedy's top Senate aide in the 1960s and 1970s and as Democratic Party chairman during the 1980s.
1.0	He was honorably discharged in May 2006.
1.0	Some manufacturers are starting to rehire previously dismissed employees.
1.4	The change of plans comes after Quinn drew criticism for moving Adams to the high-paying position during a state budget crisis.
1.0	This is the the first time any Cuban official has found cause to complain about the US president's policy of relaxing travel restrictions.
1.4	Four others were missing in floodwaters in other towns, regional police chief Perfecto Palad said.
-1.2	He knows that has its place.
0.2	The 83-year-old former president said that the H1N1 virus had spread to all the island's provinces, especially those with a large number of relatives living in the US.
0.0	There were no such worries against the hapless Cougars.
0.8	"And now, since working here, I know why the reconstruction work is so important, so that we don't forget, and that's what motivates me when some people say our task is hopeless and leads nowhere."
-0.8	But Salem is symbolic too.
0.8	Everywhere shoppers turn in the Raynham store, they are reminded of value with big new signs emblazoned with "Unbeatable Prices."
1.8	Opposition and civil society groups have long complained that the authorities have used emergency laws and the security forces to curb political freedoms.
0.2	The group of about a dozen boys and young men was already well into 2 gallons of vodka.
1.0	The discounter behemoth has embarked on an aggressive remodeling effort known as "Project Impact" that focuses on an easier shopping experience and an expanded selection of products in electronics, home goods, and fresh foods.
0.6	The sale will recoup for taxpayers part of the massive public investment made to save the sector from collapse at the height of the financial crisis.
0.6	By contrast, Brown spoke of the importance of not withdrawing "support for the economy".
2.0	"It is a collapse with social, economic and environmental aspects," said Abdul Rahman al-Eryani, Yemen's minister of water and environment.
1.4	Government advisers are preparing for the mass vaccination of schoolchildren to stop the spread of swine flu.
1.8	"It was interesting for those of us on the inside because an outsider suddenly appeared and quickly made an impact," said Keith Martin, publisher of Sports Car Market Magazine, a leading collector publication.
1.6	Meanwhile, the fate of the Swami hangs in balance till November 10 when the seers reassemble in Ayodhya.
0.8	"To reject a collective agreement at a time of economic difficulty is really a sign of desperation and anger."
1.0	But immigration authorities say he misrepresented himself just to further his stay in the United States.
2.0	Mr Lewis, the Queen's former Press secretary, got off to a bad start when Mr Brown was slow to respond publicly to the row over the release of Lockerbie bomber Abdelbaset Al Megrahi.
-1.2	She's also taken her hunt to the streets.
1.0	Even in parts of Sana, the poor cluster to gather runoff from privately owned local wells as their wealthier neighbors pay the equivalent of $10 for a 3,000 liter-truckload of water.
0.8	San Antonio might as well have been South Bend, Ind.
0.6	The picture book will be released soon and the writing compilation is due to come out in next spring.
1.2	The highest number of incidents of violence has taken place in four worst-affected states -- Chhattisgarh, Bihar, Jharkhand and Orissa -- where 2,212 people lost their lives from January 2006 to August this year.
0.4	The state has several trade offices around the world, though Quinn said he envisioned Adams would expand the South African office so that it also would focus on building relationships with universities and the country's academic community.
1.6	Flanking it were bushes shaped like corkscrews, flowers and straw baskets, which he said took him four or five months to create using wire frames to form the shapes.
0.2	High school teacher Irv Pass, who voted near Reliant Park, said he appreciated Parker's honesty at debates and in news stories.
1.6	Karzai rejected Abdullah Abdullah's conditions for next Saturday's vote, including removing top election officials whom the challenger accused of involvement in cheating in the first-round balloting in August.
0.2	The Oiled Wildlife Care Network is not asking for volunteer help at this point, but anyone who sees oiled wildlife should call (877) 823-6926.
0.0	The new disclosures add to the pressure on the MoD about the quality of equipment being provided to British servicemen.
1.2	The United States and the United Nations are pressing Burma to release all political prisoners so they can participate in next year's election.
1.0	But don't expect legislative bosses to face the same limits, and forget about any impact on the 2010 statewide elections.
-0.4	"I could see how stressed-out, middle-class housewives would single out cocaine to help them perform better at work, look after a family and house and still have the energy to party," he said.
-1.0	"It's really very difficult to tell," Miller said.
1.4	Police discovered the bodies at the home of Anthony Sowell, a 50-year-old convicted rapist, after they tried to serve an arrest and search warrant for him related to a sexual assault investigation.
0.0	The suspect was taken to the hospital, where he died from a loss of blood, the ministry said.
1.0	For example, he recently floated the idea of a tax on sugary drinks, but hasn't submitted legislation - though he's likely to now.
1.0	One scientific adviser, who declined to be named, said council members were preparing a joint statement due tomorrow
1.8	Red Cross workers arrived at the scene to find bullet-riddled bodies on the side of the road.
0.8	Students have been riding the Kampar River for half a century, since the first school was built in the area in the 1960s.
0.6	"The place where the most persecution occurred has become 'The Witch City,' " he said.
-0.6	When they were ahead going into the fourth quarter they were 57-7.
0.8	CTBTO staff monitor tremors in countries worldwide to uncover illegal nuclear tests.
0.8	Meeting Clinton on Saturday, Netanyahu said of Abbas's condition of a settlement freeze: "It's a change of Palestinian policy and it doesn't do much for peace.
-0.8	Readings greater than 50 signal expansion.
0.6	The Mail on Sunday understands Tesco were 'deeply disappointed' when they were unable to reach agreement with Mr Blair.
0.0	The transfer leaves 215 detainees at the detention camp that President Barack Obama has pledged to close by January 22, although political and legal hurdles are making it difficult for his administration to meet that goal.
1.0	"The state is struggling because the monies spent on this erosion problem are huge sums of money. So we will of course need a lot of help from the international community and the federal government. Alone it would be a Herculean task for Anambra state."
1.0	In court yesterday, the police prosecutor, Senior Sergeant Rick Thompson, said the offence carried a maximum 20-year jail term.
0.6	The Maoist movement first coalesced after a violent 1967 uprising by local Communists over a land dispute in a West Bengal village known as Naxalbari, hence the name Naxalites.
-0.4	Head to the back of the Wal-Mart Supercenter in Raynham and you may be in for a surprise.
0.6	Generationally, Sally Draper will grow up to be a baby boomer.
-1.4	I mean, bad things happen, but this?
0.0	NETWORK Ten is planning to "rest" its flagging show Rove before a major overhaul that may turn it into a Hey Hey It's Saturday-style variety program.
1.0	Saleh said the detainees told interrogators the attackers came from Pakistan's Swat Valley and that the al-Qaida mastermind fled across the border into Pakistan's lawless tribal area, where the al-Qaida leadership is believed hiding.
0.4	The company is believed to be talking to the pirates to negotiate a ransom that will include the Kota Wajar, which has also been seized by the pirates, and its crew as well as the Chandlers.
-0.2	"Usually you cannot fold your arms and get your house being carried away into the gullies," he said.
1.6	Wu presided over the 11th meeting of the Standing Committee of the 11th National People's Congress (NPC), the top legislature.
2.0	Asked about the damning report of the Tiruvallur collector's report about alleged encroachment of 197 acres of land by him in Kaverirajapuran village, Justice Dinakaran had said that "the collector has got his facts wrong".
1.0	China on Friday voiced its strong dissatisfaction and firm opposition to an EU statement which denounced the execution of two Tibetans convicted of murder in last year's Lhasa riot.
-0.2	"It creates less disruption to the business because you're in bankruptcy a shorter period of time."
-0.2	He told The Mail on Sunday: 'I'm sure my children have tried drugs. In fact, some have told me they have.
0.8	The comments came from Deputy Assistant Secretary of State for African Affairs William Fitzgerald, who has played a lead role in U.S. diplomacy on Guinea since the military attack on protesters in Conakry September 28th that drew international condemnation.
-0.6	The leading candidates then were state Rep. Sylvester Turner, an African-American Democrat with solid name recognition; White, a lawyer and businessman with no history in elected office who blanketed the airwaves beginning almost nine months before election day; and Orlando Sanchez, a conservative Cuban-American city councilman who had substantial support from Republican donors and residual name-recognition from a narrow loss two years before to then-Mayor Lee Brown.
0.8	Cummins Inc., the largest maker of heavy- duty diesel truck engines in North America, cut about 7,500 workers from late 2008 through June and has since recalled about 900.
-0.8	"Now he's asking $100 to come two times a month."
-1.0	A shorthanded Celtics bench (minus Glen Davis, Brian Scalabrine, and Tony Allen) manhandled the Bulls.
1.4	And globally the ACE Index this past spring and summer were lower than at any point during the last 30 years.
2.0	A university-educated engineer, Montes got his start in the late 1980s, and quickly rose to prominence, styling himself after Zapata, the Mexican revolutionary land reform hero, and recovering thousands of acres of property for union members.
1.6	In June 1955, a letter from Qian managed to get out of the U.S. border and finally reached then Premier Zhou Enlai, resulting in Sino-U.S. talks which led to his release.
1.8	Laster ran for state representative in 1998 and for District F in 1999.
0.6	"Nobody rational could possibly want a government based on any other type of policy-making."
-0.8	Starter Drew Hubel threw three interceptions for the Vikings (2-7, 1-5) and finished 7 of 23 for 98 yards.
1.4	This field of scientific inquiry has grown by leaps and bounds since 2005, when Hurricane Katrina lashed the northern Gulf Coast and Massachusetts Institute of Technology hurricane scientist Kerry Emanuel published a paper linking climate change to more powerful hurricanes.
0.0	The oil sheen quickly covered a miles-long swath of water; however, aerial assessments and measurements of the tanker's fuel capacity showed only 400 to 800 gallons of bunker fuel had been spilled, officials said Saturday.
1.4	A U.S.-backed peace "road map" of 2003 does say Israel should halt settlement activity.
0.4	He said he had not approached members of the council - who include police officers and social services professionals as well as medical experts - but about a third had already contacted him.
1.2	Indeed only two have had their sex determined, both of them being women.
0.8	"SADC will continue its efforts to support, to help Zimbabweans helping themselves by this troika finishing as soon as possible, I mean very urgently, the report we are supposed to prepare send it to the chairman of the troika and to do our best to convene a summit of the troika as soon as possible," he said.
0.6	That was the message that Thomas Shannon, U.S. assistant secretary of State, drove home to the Hondurans during a two-day mission that ended late Thursday with the two sides reaching agreement.
-0.2	"Even if they had a 100 percent yes vote at the rest of the plants, it still wouldn't pass."
-0.2	He now has 18 touchdowns on the season to just two interceptions.
1.2	Investigators are also collecting witness statements from those aboard the three other Marine aircraft and will check to see if any distress calls were made.
1.2	"We are getting to understand the problem better, thanks in part to the fact that many more scientists are working on it than was the case just a few years ago," Emanuel said.
1.6	Western officials hoped that Abdullah would make a gracious exit for the good of the country rather than denounce Karzai for fraud, a move that could sharpen tensions at a time the United States and its allies are seeking unity against the Taliban.
0.4	He was sacked as sports minister at the end of 2004 in the midst of an audit into his financial dealings -- perhaps one reason for a streak of animus that runs through the book -- and replaced by a Communist Party apparatchik with no sporting experience.
0.8	A witness said it appeared the middle part of the balcony had given way.
0.8	About a month ago, a woman accused Sowell of rape and felonious assault, Stacho said Friday.
1.2	Foreign Office head of news Carl Newns also rejected it, telling Mr Brown he wanted to stay with current boss David Miliband.
1.2	For example, a Massachusetts family of three earning $45,775 a year can purchase subsidized insurance through the Commonwealth Care program for $154 a month.
1.6	However, he is expected to hand over more of his 'frontline' duty of daily Press briefings to the new head of news, Vickie Sheriff, a former aide to Jack Straw.
2.4	Imports fell 16.3 percent to $30.2 billion, resulting in a trade surplus of $3.8 billion.
0.6	Lights and sirens from three fire trucks and a number of St John ambulances also attracted onlookers from neighbouring streets.
0.2	Police in Peoria, Arizona, say Faleh Hassan Almaleki, 48, struck his 20-year-old daughter, Noor Faleh Almaleki, and her friend Amal Edan Khalaf with the Jeep Laredo he was driving in a parking lot in Peoria on October 20.
1.0	"She seemed a little more straightforward, and I was impressed with her financial background," Pass said.
1.0	China's legal institutions have carried out fair and open trials and brought only the culprits of the criminal activities to justice, he said.
0.6	Simon Thomson, founder of the Dubai-based Middle East Council of Shopping Centres, said Tesco had been 'conspicuous in their absence' in the region.
1.0	The Chinese government has said more than 20 people died in the riots, but Tibetans argue that number was much higher.
1.0	Ticket to ride: Former Alameda County Supervisor Mary King has been named interim general manager of AC Transit.
1.0	However, Tony Blair and Tony Blair Associates have never done any work on behalf of Tesco.
0.0	This season in particular, "Mad Men" has highlighted the difference between giving TV audiences a stock figure and giving them a more dimensional kid.
1.4	The runoff election in Afghanistan became necessary after widespread fraud in the first round of voting in August resulted in hundreds of thousands of Karzai's ballots being invalidated, pushing him below the required 50 percent margin to win.
0.4	"We knew it was for our own good. It had its purpose, being tough with us," Arreola said.
0.4	At the root of the water crisis - as with so many of the ills affecting the Middle East - is rapid population growth, experts say.
0.2	Hicks said her daughter would not be trick-or-treating.
1.8	In the last four years, the Maoists have killed more than 900 Indian security officers, a figure almost as high as the more than 1,100 members of the coalition forces killed in Afghanistan during the same period.
1.6	As they try to climb back from historically low numbers in the statehouse, Republicans are targeting the Legislature's only Democrat from rural Eastern Washington in the marquee matchup among three legislative races on Tuesday's ballot.
0.0	But she said one possible theory was that Mr Hampton was carried to the 17th floor from his workplace on the sixth floor and thrown to his death.
2.0	Fed policy makers, led by Chairman Ben S. Bernanke, meet Nov. 3-4 in Washington and may repeat their pledge to keep interest rates low for an "extended period."
0.8	That is because the proposed federal subsidies are less generous, particularly under the bill passed by the Senate Finance Committee.
-0.6	The cases are very different however.
1.6	"This was China's internal affair and judicial sovereignty which allows no other country to interfere with."
1.4	Drug Arm counsellor Richard Norman said it was no surprise that cocaine is becoming more accepted in the suburbs.
-1.0	"I'm sorry it had to be this terrible."
0.6	Stephen Hester, chief executive of RBS, is believed to have discussed the final details of the plan with the prime minister on Friday afternoon.
1.0	Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner says the economic recovery "could be a little choppy" and it's going to take a while.
1.0	"But we will not create the jobs we need unless the economy is growing."
-1.8	'We're not animals'
0.2	Sowell initially denied he was the man authorities were looking for but admitted his identity as officers began fingerprinting him, Stacho said.
1.4	Adams says Chaudhry has a solid case, given the fact that none of the convictions are crimes that would make him ineligible for citizenship.
0.6	On many days, the boys pass boatloads of girls wearing traditional Islamic head scarves, four to each craft, who drift slowly along the river, taking turns at the helm on their own long row home.
-0.2	Johnson also accused Nutt of going beyond his remit and of "lobbying for a change in government policy".
-0.6	The new banks will be standard retail banks concentrating on deposits and mortgages and offering what ministers hope will be a better deal for the consumer with an invigorated mortgage market and more competition.
0.4	The House bill would also let Massachusetts run its Connector independently rather than force it to join a new national exchange, aides said.
0.8	The scene attracted onlookers, some calling others over by cell phone, and eventually there were as many as 10 men or boys sexually assaulting the girl while another 20 looked on, laughing and snapping pictures.
0.0	"We know they have the ability to survive longer than you might expect."
0.2	Worse is the dreaded bono, a rogue wall of water that rumbles up from the nearby ocean, overturning boats and claiming victims.
1.4	John Burton, chairman of the state Democratic Party and a longtime mentor of Newsom's, said the mayor has never defined himself by his political office and may be happy leading an environmental foundation or holding some other nonpolitical job after his term is up in 2011.
0.4	The nation's gross domestic product expanded 2.9 percent in the third quarter from three months earlier, the fastest pace in seven years.
1.2	According to one source, Mr Blair's proposed role for Tesco would simply have been to act as a figurehead for their drive to break into the Middle East market.
0.0	He also once owned two Chinese restaurants in the district.
-2.0	"My village Town Hall built with a huge sum of money has been swallowed," he said.
0.0	When Corben appeared in Parramatta Local Court yesterday his solicitor, Mitchell Cavanagh, told the magistrate the sex was consensual and said both participants were completely naked.
1.4	"There are always demands made in any negotiation that are not going to be fully realized," she said.
0.8	They are vying to represent the 16th Legislative District, which includes the cities of Pasco and Walla Walla.
1.6	He then hinted the team that they should take into account the high-frequency vibration when the engine was running.
0.6	It's her generation's children - what pop sociologists have dubbed the millennials - who are leaving an interesting mark on television these days.
0.2	These cooling stations are for heat stroke victims, whose temperatures soar to as high as 108 degrees.
0.6	A week later, Typhoon Parma triggered massive landslides in Luzon's mountain region.
-0.2	"I'd rather not get into anything," Monica Lozano said as she choked up.
0.8	After the House and Senate passed the bill on back-to-back partisan votes, the only folks doing a victory dance Friday were the Democrats who control the General Assembly and the governor's mansion.
2.0	As Middle East peace envoy, he has championed regeneration projects, such as the creation of an industrial park to provide jobs for 15,000 Palestinians in Jenin in the West Bank.
0.0	Officers serving the warrants Thursday discovered two badly decomposed bodies on the third floor of the house, Stacho said.
0.8	The country is facing lot of threats from within and outside and foreign forces were indulged in large scale religious conversion in the country with an aim to finish India's strength of embracing all faiths of the world, he said.
1.8	With all rallies canceled, the antiflu measures were expected to have an immediate impact on the campaign for Ukraine's presidency.
1.2	"And that's why it's unlikely to restart negotiations."
-0.8	"But this is going to be a different recovery than in the past because Americans are going to have to save more.
1.2	For them, the Kampar River is their local street corner, a place where they play and test themselves, becoming excellent swimmers.
0.4	The ECC had recommended cutting the number from 6,000 to about 5,800 - to make sure there would be enough monitors to limit fraud and troops to ensure security.
1.8	Crews scanning a 644-square-mile patch of ocean in waters about 2,000 feet deep found debris from both aircraft, but there was no sign of the crew members or their bodies.
1.8	If CIT is forced into a "free-fall" bankruptcy, unsecured claims may fetch as little as 6 cents on the dollar, according to Jeffrey Peek, the company's chief executive officer.
1.0	"It was the only shred of anything that I knew she was alive," Hebert said.
0.6	One of Mr Abdullah's senior advisers, Ahmed Wali Massoud, said he was unhappy that nothing had been done to redress the electoral system's problems.
1.6	Several months ago, the police raided his village and arrested more than a dozen people after accusing them of being collaborators.
0.4	"These are all military personnel. They're trained in survival tactics, they're trained also with the will to live," Castillo said.
0.4	She said she is "hoping and praying" her son and the others will be found alive.
1.2	However, most of the increase is accounted for by debt interest and social security payments, while capital investment in housing and public services would fall in real terms.
2.0	His comments were echoed by a spokesperson for the Government Office for Science, part of Lord Mandelson's Department for Business, Innovation and Skills, who said it was "vitally important that scientists are able to give objective and independent advice to ministers".
1.0	Manufacturing, which has helped drive the recovery, probably accelerated last month, economists said.
0.6	The decision got put on hold for a few hours when the mayor was called to deal with the oil spill in the bay.
1.6	It proved the same while running for governor:
1.0	Richard Garside, director of the CCJS, said it was "important that the council is in a position to give honest and impartial advice without fear or favour".
0.8	The agreement does not automatically put Zelaya back in office, and given the erratic and sometimes contradictory behavior of the principal players in the Honduran drama, no outcome is certain.
-0.4	ValueAct owns roughly 3.5 million shares of ThomsonReuters.
1.4	Ahead of the typhoon, millions of Filipinos had boarded buses heading to home provinces for this weekend's All Saints Day, when people visit cemeteries to pay respects to dead relatives in this devoutly Roman Catholic nation.
-0.2	Shoshanna Tenn, 36, of Oakland, went to Crown Memorial Beach and offered to help, but she was turned away.
-0.2	She reported Jines missing the next day when she returned to the harbor and couldn't find him.
1.0	BBC Scotland's business and economy editor Douglas Fraser said four-way negotiations with Lloyds, RBS and the European Commission have reached a particularly intense period over the past three days.
1.8	Derr has been active in Houston Heights civic groups and advocates a comprehensive spay and neuter program for stray animals.
1.0	Idiani, a small community in Anambra state, has seen enormous damage to its homes, crops and infrastructure.
1.4	International pressure on Guinea's military government has been building since security forces killed more than 150 opposition protesters in late September.
0.0	"The book contains content which is far from the truth and . . . its publication can be considered as leaking of state secrets," the association said in a statement last week.
0.8	Baron Ashcroft of Chichester, deputy chairman of the party, gave £1.6m to the Conservatives in 2008 through his company Bearwood.
0.2	His quiet street is lined with neat gardens.
1.0	In the political tempest that followed last year's displays by Wesselius and Gaylor's group, a circus atmosphere developed, and one Fox News television commentator spurred thousands of calls to the office of Gov. Chris Gregoire to protest the atheists' sign.
1.4	Lawmakers considered granting equal representation in people's congresses to rural and urban people.
0.4	"The party's young members... have a clear vision for the nation's future, and propose new ideas to deal with the reality," he added.
1.2	As her anger later burned, she used it to take steps to find Bianca.
1.8	District A, in northwest Houston, has drawn seven aspirants for the term-limited Toni Lawrence's seat.
-0.2	It's going to take some time for us to grow out of this.
0.6	Tony Blair has been in talks with Tesco about helping them open supermarkets in the Middle East - allegedly in return for up to £1million.
1.0	Austrian police said they believe Mr Hampton committed suicide.
1.4	In Washington, the Treasury Department asked the Office of Foreign Assets Control to investigate how Al-Shabab is financed.
0.8	Shane Oliver says the RBA will raise rates by 0.25 per cent on Tuesday and again in December and February (the RBA does not meet in January).
0.6	The cost of the credit-default swaps implies that traders have priced in an 85.5 percent chance that the company will default within five years, a standard pricing model used by Bloomberg shows.
1.4	However, any attempt to continue using the London courts to recover the cash could prompt further outrage in Belize and place Ashcroft in an uncomfortable light in the run-up to the general election.
-0.4	Newsom has often been criticized for relishing sweeping proposals while not paying attention to the nuts and bolts of running a city.
1.4	Campaign spokesman Matt Burns says the State Assemblywoman thinks dropping out of the 23rd Congressional District race is in the best interests of the party.
0.8	"The gardener used to come every day," said Mr. Mohammed, who runs a flour factory.
-0.6	"They can hopefully get out of the bankruptcy court faster, which may be better for debt recoveries."
1.6	Beijing has accused the Tibetan spiritual leader of instigating the violence in Lhasa, but he has denied those allegations.
1.6	But American University history professor Allan Lichtman, who studies Congress, said Kirk's highest-profile contribution will be to provide Democrats with "a pretty reliable" 60th vote to stymie potential Republican filibusters on health care and other legislation.
1.2	Other pirate suspects are awaiting trial in France, while dozens have been handed over to Kenya and Yemen for prosecution.
1.0	Senator Ted Kaufman, a Delaware Democrat who is the interim replacement in Vice President Joe Biden's old seat, said he and Kirk have much in common, including familiarity with the ways of the Senate and little ideological daylight between them and the senators they replaced.
1.2	She was recruited after her predecessor, Emily Hands, turned down a request to take on a bigger role as Mr Brown's official spokesman.
0.2	The BBC's Yolande Knell in Cairo says the NDP is sensitive to claims that it is elitist and that its recent economic reforms have failed to help the poor.
0.8	The Southern African Development Community (SADC) delegation that was in Zimbabwe to consult with members of the national unity government will recommend the convening of an extraordinary summit soon.
1.8	According to a source close to the negotiations, RBS is also "near 100% certain" to be putting its insurance division back on the market, including Churchill, Direct Line and Green Flag.
0.8	He also writes of fears during the 2000 Sydney Olympics that Chinese athletes (no names here) would be disqualified for doping, and of a women's volleyball coach arranging for the Chinese team to lose a match in the 2002 world championships to avoid facing a tougher opponent.
-0.6	"It'll be 2 or 3 in the morning. Something wakes me up - anxiety - and I'll Google her name," she said.
-1.2	"Freee mah nigga ... F- dem snitches," reads one of the more prominent comments posted by a friend.
0.6	In the Nineties, Tesco executives featured on six Government task forces - more than any other company.
0.6	On the night of the attack, the victim left the homecoming dance at about 9:30 p.m., before it ended, and walked to the back of campus to call her father to pick her up, detectives say.
1.2	The disclosure could further damage Mr Blair's hopes of becoming the first President of Europe, as critics will seize on it as evidence that he is as interested in making money as he is in reviving his career as a statesman.
1.4	Politicians involved in the elections scheduled for Nov. 29 also have been pushing for a resolution, and the Honduran people have grown weary of months of sometimes violent instability and repression of many civil rights.
-0.8	"There needs to be an undivided attention of all members of the elected family of San Francisco whether we agree or disagree," he said.
-0.8	"Before, it was very cheap, $10 a visit," he said.
1.2	His longtime girlfriend, Darla Lexington, oversaw the corporation in charge of the collection and usually accompanied him on his trips to car auctions around the country.
0.8	Nutt has become increasingly frustrated at the government's decision to ignore the evidence provided by the council.
-0.8	Why he does it: "I just like to play a character who can stretch my abilities but also someone I can sort of play with."
0.6	At the press conference with Clinton, Netanyahu said Israel is "willing to engage in peace talks immediately without preconditions. Unfortunately the other side is not."
-1.0	He was right.
-1.2	Report oiled birds
0.4	Taubert said he thinks the Witch School's departure has little to do with neighbors and more to do with the market for its merchandise.
1.4	But later, as love soured to hate, they found themselves roiled in what was described as a nasty divorce.
1.2	For the North Atlantic basin this season, the ACE Index is 45 percent of its normal level, the weakest season since 1997.
2.0	In an address to foreign correspondents in Tokyo, the Tibetan spiritual leader criticized what he called Chinese government propaganda regarding Tibet.
-0.2	The jewel was his 50-yard bomb on the final play before halftime to Tate, who somehow made the grab between three defenders.
1.4	The state will spend roughly $350 million more in 2010 than it was paying in 2006 to maintain its health care system, according to the Massachusetts Taxpayers Foundation.
0.8	They were identified as Ahmad Tourson, Abdul Ghappar Abdul Rahman, Edham Mamet, Anwar Hassan, Dawut Abdurehim and Adel Noori.
0.4	Houstonians also were pleased with Bill White's tenure as mayor, so they may not feel a sense of crisis about his replacement, Murray said.
0.8	The GOP caucus has not officially taken sides in the race, since it will get a Republican vote either way.
0.8	The wounded investigator, identified as Maj. Arkan Hajem, wrested the gun from the suspect and shot him before dying.
1.4	Along with the rump of RBS and Lloyds, the new banks will continue to be Government-owned until at least after the Election - and there will be a ban on existing banks buying up the new institutions.
-0.2	"He walks around and picks up scrap metal and takes it to junk yards to make a few pennies," said police spokesman Lt Thomas Stacho.
-0.6	Steele called Scozzafava's move a "selfless act."
-0.6	Then it made sense.
0.2	And some of the proposals could benefit the state.
0.6	Hebert posted hundreds of posters in stores, gasoline stations and offices.
1.2	Icahn also said he's changing the terms of the tender offer for bondholders who voted against the prepackaged bankruptcy.
1.4	In some cases, this shift could make it more difficult for other, smaller merchants to survive.
1.2	Yee later found out that the deal was in jeopardy and passed the information to Tang, who then tipped his friends and family.
1.8	Ashcroft denies he now has any interest in Telemedia but his claims are rejected by the Belizean government.
1.6	Clausen sat out the fourth quarter after one of his most accurate games of the season.
0.6	In 2001, it paid pollster Philip Gould, one of Tony Blair's most trusted advisers, to help reorganise its publicity, media and lobbying operation.
1.4	Mr Scholar returned to the Treasury after the 2007 on-off Election fiasco, and public-relations mogul Stephen Carter took over as head of strategy.
0.8	The puzzlers' work helps prevent the public from forgetting how bad the East German regime was, Metzler says.
-0.4	The UN has strongly denied the claims
1.6	Abbas spokesman Nabil Abu Rdeneh, responding to Clinton's comments, said, "There can be no excuse for the continuation of settlements, which is really the main obstacle in the way of any credible peace process.
1.0	For the smallest boys who must negotiate the river each day, the snake was like a monster from the deep.
1.2	It emerged last night that Miliband has held secret talks with senior politicians in Brussels about running for the job.
-1.0	The Maoists felled trees across the only road leading to the village.
-0.4	Under current Treasury forecasts, expenditure will rise next year by £30 billion to £700 billion.
-0.8	"You're going to see more bold moves from Mayor Newsom, so stay tuned."
1.0	Hague made him party treasurer and secured him a life peerage in 2000.
1.4	Rising joblessness and waning government assistance raise the risk that consumer spending will slip again, holding back the expansion.
1.4	The fourth typhoon to whip the Philippines in a month lashed the capital and nearby provinces Saturday, leaving fresh floods and new misery before blowing out of the country.
-1.0	"Teachers know for many students there is no other way to get to school."
2.2	Arreola had helped organize the funeral of Cpl. Anthony Mihalo of Naperville and delivered a box of medals and patches to the family of Lance Cpl. Jesse De La Torre in Aurora.
1.2	He added: "One has to ask the question: who would wish to chair the council at this point, given the quite blatant political interference it has to deal with?"
-0.2	"It's been some time, I would say probably at least weeks, if not months or years."
0.2	"I don't think it has anything to do with the legitimacy of the election," Clinton told reporters in Abu Dhabi.
2.0	It is also understood that there have been a series of disagreements in the National Economic Council, Brown's "war cabinet" for the recession, where Darling has called into question new schemes to "support" the economy.
0.2	She was an unsuccessful candidate for president of the troubled Chicago State University.
1.0	The prime minister of Belize, Dean Barrow, has pledged to resist any attempt by Ashcroft to reclaim the cash from one of the most impoverished countries in central America.
2.0	With police officers dying in large numbers and Maoists carrying out bolder attacks, the debate around the insurgency has sharpened in India's intellectual salons and on the opinion pages and talk shows.
1.4	But others went underground, and by the 1980s, many found sanctuary in Chattisgarh, especially in the region across from the Indravati River known as Abhujmad.
1.8	Chinese Vice Premier Li Keqiang said here Saturday that China and Australia can lift their bilateral relationship to a new level through a strengthened dialogue and increased cooperation between the two trading partners.
0.6	Essentially the ACE Index approximates the total energy of a storm from its intensity and duration.
0.8	"I can't believe that any independent-minded scientists would want to take it on. People will think, if you can't speak your mind and be honest about what you think, why take on the job? It might be that the council becomes unviable."
-0.2	It all feels very much like Tweeter or Circuit City, two of the major electronics chains that shuttered over the past year.
0.8	Mahamoud, who did not want his last name published for fear of angering the pirates, said that European naval patrols had arrested friends and relatives of the pirates, including seven captured last week who were part of the same gang that originally hijacked the Chandlers' sailboat.
1.8	Her house arrest was extended by an additional 18 months in August for allowing an uninvited American man to stay at her home without official permission.
1.0	The survey of laws, practices and size of inflows in 60 jurisdictions found Delaware coming in first, followed by Luxembourg and then Switzerland.
1.4	Clarke accepts the report, and begins an internal review of whether the 35-year-old classification system should be overhauled to be based on better evidence of harm.
0.2	Mr. Hammad talked among hedges carved like the battlements of a castle.
0.4	Some pirates suggested trading the couple, both in their 50s, for jailed comrades, residents said.
0.2	The Irish didn't sell out the 65,000-seat Alamodome but likely impressed those they wanted to most: sought-after Texas recruits.
0.4	"You wouldn't believe the stuff we have to put up with those few who go wrong - guns, dope busts, fighting," Johnson said.
0.6	Arreola's legs were shattered, and the stethoscope was not detecting any blood circulation in his lower legs.
0.6	At the time, Quinn defended his decision, saying Adams, a former teacher of African-American studies, was uniquely qualified for the position.
1.0	Most financial experts are tipping a rise in the official cash rate of 0.25 per cent, but some economists said the rise could be 0.50 per cent - meaning a $100 increase in repayments on a $300,000 loan.
1.0	The Ivy is the jewel in the crown of the Hemmes family hotel portfolio and is popular for A-list functions and parties.
-0.2	"This was not a gang thing. It was just a mob that got out of control. It was the older ones who led it all."
1.6	"For that reason transparency is very essential. That is lacking in all these authoritarian governments. Particularly in the People's Republic of China."
0.8	However, Phil Willis, the Liberal Democrat MP who chairs the Commons Science and Technology Committee, said: 'The message is that it's only OK for scientists to give independent scientific advice when it is in line with Government policy. This is a very retrograde step. I'm not surprised there are colleagues considering their position.'
0.8	Justice Dinakaran had maintained that he had not acquired an inch of land since his appointment as a judge of HC and even called the collector's report motivated.
-0.8	"Otherwise, it's an urban agenda, or a very progressive agenda."
0.2	On Friday, a man claiming to represent the captors demanded a $7 million ransom for the couple.
-1.2	The main message the candidates need to send is simply: Please vote.
0.0	They may drive several large trucks over the bridge to test the vibrations, agency spokesman Bart Ney said.
0.6	He also played a significant role in developing the country's first artificial earth satellite.
-2.0	"They're going to Baxdo," he said.
-0.6	The new banks will be standard retail banks concentrating on deposits and mortgages.
0.8	"The opportunity to work in Africa has been a career-long desire of mine and I will always be grateful to you for extending me the chance to attain that dream."
1.6	At the same time, Fidel Castro noted, the US trade embargo prevents Cuba from obtaining equipment and medicines needed to combat the virus.
2.2	CIT Group Inc., the 101-year-old commercial lender seeking to avoid collapse, may file for a prepackaged bankruptcy as soon as this weekend after striking deals with billionaire Carl Icahn and Goldman Sachs Group Inc.
1.8	Grant was appointed to the seat early this year after the death of her father, Bill Grant, a longtime legislator and a key member of the House Democrats' leadership team.
1.2	"I think the RBA has a degree of urgency about it at the moment," he says.
0.8	"We believe, the U.S. government believes, that the Guineans now have the right, and really merit the opportunity, to have a democratic election," said Fitzgerald.
1.0	Since Katrina, advocates who share Trenberth's views have argued at various times that climate change will bring more storms, more intense storms, and storms with more rainfall.
0.0	"The churches can scream and yell, but I thought at the end of the day if you proved yourself a good neighbor, people would get past that," Hubbard said.
1.2	All of the early cases were from foreign visitors, though not just from the US.
2.0	Like other families, the Arreolas would set up an altar with photos of beloved, deceased relatives.
-1.4	There may also be a new BankCo, described as the "good" portion of the completely state-owned Northern Rock.
-0.6	He also wanted to beat his time from last year's race, about 24 minutes.
-1.2	"I take two AP classes. I am headed for college. I feel safe, and it makes me mad that people only see the bad side of us now."
-0.8	New prime minister Gordon Brown announces third review of reclassification, claiming public concern over stronger varieties of skunk.
1.0	Year in, year out, a small delivery truck brings more of the 16,000 sacks to the puzzlers' work space and returns reconstructed dossiers to Berlin.
-0.8	"The men are happy at long last to be free," one of the lawyers, Eric Tirschwell, said.
0.4	John Reid becomes home secretary and drops review.
0.6	But Mike McGowan, who voted at Moody Park on the near northside, said Brown came off only as an "old white guy" in his ads.
0.6	'I suppose Tony Blair could open doors, which would allow Tesco to challenge those groups. But this is not the usual Tesco style. They are usually quite low-key in their research and lobbying.'
0.6	The central sticking point -- for both reformers who supported the changes as well as Republican critics who opposed it -- are the campaign contribution limits and how they are applied.
-1.6	"They understood, just like I do," he said.
1.8	A flotilla of rescue vessels continued its search Saturday for nine people feared dead at sea following an air collision between a Coast Guard aircraft and a Marine Corps helicopter.
1.8	"Despite the improvements we have seen in some of our markets, we still face considerable challenges over the next year," Chief Operating Officer Tom Linebarger said Oct. 30 on a conference call.
1.6	He predicted the museum would be completed by 2010, and he acknowledged he was far from finished buying more cars.
1.2	"I believe the people in Washington, and the overwhelming response that I've been getting nationally from individuals, is showing that a lot of people feel like it's time for the Republican Party to go back to its base."
1.4	"We Germans don't have very much in our history to be proud of," said Mr Kohl, 79, who was chancellor of West Germany and then the reunited Germany from 1982-98.
1.0	A former government chief scientific adviser, Sir David King, also said that Nutt had gone too far .
-0.6	"I don't want to let my mind go to thinking the worst," she said from the couple's home in Carmichael, Calif.
0.4	He returned this year with greater purpose.
1.6	Leigh's father, David, said his son, who was not married, was based in San Diego and was focused on a military career "since age 3."
1.0	Qat began replacing food crops, and in the late 1960s, motorized drills began to proliferate, allowing farmers and villagers to pump water from underground aquifers much faster than it could be replaced through natural processes.
-0.8	The meeting also announced the appointment of two senior officials.
-0.2	Tang and the others used Yee's tips to trade Acxiom's securities and earned more than $6 million in illegal profits, the SEC said.
1.0	By Saturday, tar balls - some the size of silver dollars and a few as big as seat cushions - had washed up along shore every 5 to 10 yards.
0.8	By the start of the fourth, the Bulls were down, 88-61, and Pierce was resting on the bench with the other starters.
1.6	In the past five years, Maoists have detonated more than 1,000 improvised explosive devices in Chattisgarh.
1.2	Other prominent cases involve former Red Army Faction terrorists who were harbored by the Stasi, and a Berlin sports doctor who doped East German athletes.
1.2	By contrast, Miliband remains the clear frontrunner for the high representative job, with widespread backing from European Union member states, despite pressure from some quarters for a female candidate.
0.6	By last December, the joke was on Madoff when he admitted that his operation was fraudulent and had cost his clients billions of dollars.
1.2	Fandi and Alfan, brothers with one name each, live in a remote village in the heart of the Sumatran jungle, at once a protected and dangerous place to be a child.
0.6	Minutes before the arrest was made, police Chief Michael McGrath tried to reassure parents that it was safe for their children to go trick-or-treating in the neighborhood if they followed standard precautions like avoiding strangers and staying in a group.
-0.4	The measure sent to Gov. Pat Quinn would turn down the wide-open spigot of cash flowing into state and local elections and give voters nearly real-time information about where the money is coming from.
1.8	And the political editor of a national newspaper also turned down the post - despite a personal plea by the Prime Minister to work for him.
-0.2	Hebert said she hasn't lost hope of a reunion, but knows Bianca could have another life or been raised to hate her.
2.0	It comes less than a week after a balcony collapse in Queensland, where eight people were injured after they fell three metres onto concrete during a wake at Morayfield, north of Brisbane.
1.6	There are nearly 700,000 active entities registered in Delaware -- and about half of those publicly traded in the United States, according to the group.
2.2	A dozen of the 50 Wal-Mart stores in Massachusetts, including the one in Raynham, are among the retailer's shops nationwide that will be remodeled by the end of the year.
0.6	A weary Fandi sometimes hands the oars over to his brother.
2.0	"At the next election we need a clear story to tell about how Labour will support the economy through investment while the Tories would choke off the recovery with draconian cuts," said a cabinet source.
1.2	He then made his way to Mexico City and boarded a plane to London, England.
-0.2	That's when someone invited her into the notorious courtyard.
0.4	The courtyard where the attack erupted was the most infamous spot on campus, an out-of-the-way, poorly lit venue for gang initiations and dopers lighting up joints.
-0.4	Two hundred Maoists with rifles and machine guns lay waiting and opened fire when the officers came into an exposed area of rice paddies.
0.4	He doesn't want to have to be either "the jock" or "the geek"; he wants enough freedom from dated cultural definitions to be both, and more.
-0.6	Meanwhile, Chaudhry has applied for disability benefits and his wife has quit a bookkeeping job to take care of him full time.
1.0	Not so in Iraq, where Arreola was instantly thrust into the deadly "Fallujah triangle" near the height of the Iraqi insurgency.
-0.2	"While cocaine is expensive, it is not out of reach for the middle classes with two incomes."
-0.2	Indian paramilitary officers point machine guns across the water.
1.0	Robert Hughes ran for 131 yards on 24 carries and had a touchdown, delighting a Texas crowd that was overwhelmingly filled with Fighting Irish fans.
1.4	Some environmental groups questioned why it took several hours to position containment booms around the leak and beaches in the spill zone.
-0.6	These younger guys, they don't know the code.
0.8	"CIT has gotten its ducks in a row for filing," Adam Steer, an analyst with CreditSights Inc. in New York, said in a telephone interview.
0.0	The effort was also aided by clear weather and calm winds.
0.4	There are hopeful aspects.
0.0	Water scarcity afflicts much of the Middle East, but Yemen's poverty and lawlessness make the problem more serious and harder to address, experts say.
1.2	THE Reserve Bank is expected to lift interest rates on Tuesday adding $50 to the average monthly home loan repayment amid warnings the number of defaulters is set to surge.
-0.8	You have no idea how weird.
0.8	This shift away from pigeonholing is at the heart of one of the season's best new shows, "Glee."
1.2	The pencil sketch shows everything from the position of the doors and windows, to the cupboards and rugs.
1.6	Annie Laurie Gaylor, co-president of the Wisconsin-based Freedom From Religion Foundation, said she was pleased about the new rules but added that they don't go far enough.
-0.4	But traditional agriculture began to fall apart in the 1960s after Yemen was flooded with cheap foreign grain, which put many farmers out of business.
1.6	In response, Scozzafava spokesperson Matt Burns last week characterized Hoffman's supporters as carpetbaggers: "Everybody who has endorsed Doug Hoffman has something in common with him, and that is that none of them live in the district."
1.8	In Manila, residents hunkered down in their homes overnight as rains beat down on dark, deserted streets.
0.4	It's unclear how many people have been killed.
2.0	As thousands of voters went to the polls the past two weeks to pick a successor to the term-limited Mayor Bill White, many felt conflicted about three candidates whose policy views they knew to differ only in nuance and detail.
-0.2	"Do we really want to send another Democrat over there to continue that problem?" Nealey asked.
1.4	"I'd say they could use the money more effectively elsewhere, just like when they invested in East German autobahns in the early 1990s, which is something everyone can benefit from."
1.4	The U.S. State Department said Friday that Assistant Secretary of State Kurt Campbell and his deputy, Scot Marciel, will visit Burma for two days next week (November 3 and 4).
-0.4	Both also have raised more money than Litt.
-1.6	One marathon-running doctor's advice?
1.4	That total would include direct cash donations as well as in-kind donations such as the value of printing, postage and staff time.
0.8	The council of ministers will then meet to elect the president and high representative by qualified majority.
1.2	Heading the campaign against him is the high profile Mahant Gyandas, head of All India Akhada Parishad and the president of Ram Janmabhoomi Nyas, Nritya Gopal Das.
0.6	Friends said it was usual for him to work late into the night.
0.4	Monitors will be installed to watch for unwanted movement that could cause another failure.
0.6	Jopling, the author of the Nato report The Growing Threat Of Piracy, said that many people suspect terrorist groups are behind the capture of dozens of ships off the Horn of Africa.
-0.2	The median estimate of 10 economists surveyed by Bloomberg News was for an 11.8 percent decrease.
0.6	The network denied rumours Rove will be axed completely, despite the show hardly featuring at the network's 2010 programming launch last week.
-0.4	Hebert sometimes wakes up in the early morning hours and gets busy.
0.0	Neither Derr nor Costello has run for office before, but both cite leadership experience running their own firms.
2.2	Arreola himself thought he'd never walk again, much less run competitively, after an improvised explosive device wounded him three years ago near Fallujah, Iraq.
1.8	And other critics who at one time shared his goals of agrarian reform complain that Montes became the kind of rural chieftain that he had long challenged.
0.8	BART ran trains through the night Friday and Saturday.
-1.6	"Masters, you've always been the mental support for us post-70sgeneration but one by one you're gone... Our country needs more masters like you..." wrote a netizen named "sheliqiang" in a hundred-word reply.
0.6	While Brown has promoted Miliband, he has never forgiven the foreign secretary for toying with challenging him for the party leadership when Blair left office.
1.0	But to help offer the expensive subsidies, the state has had to resort to the bureaucratic equivalent of duct tape and baling wire, piecing together a series of complex funding schemes that combine Medicaid money, state funds, and even money from the federal stimulus.
0.2	Paul G. Kirk Jr. kept to himself on a recent day in the Senate chamber, sitting quietly with a manila folder of policy papers while his colleagues milled around on the floor, back-slapping and schmoozing.
0.2	The government has struggled to limit drilling by qat farmers, but to no effect.
2.2	A report from the Commerce Department on Nov. 3 is expected to show that orders placed with U.S. factories rose 0.8 percent in September from the previous month, according to the survey median.
0.4	He currently is in his second term.
2.2	LG Electronics Inc. reported quarterly profit that beat analysts' estimates, boosted by record shipments of televisions and higher sales of appliances.
0.8	The state has little authority outside the capital, Sana.
0.0	U.S. officials have been concerned that the second round would expose Afghan civilians to attack by Taliban militants opposed to the election.
1.0	"Without a doubt, more time is going to result in more bold policy initiatives," said Eric Jaye, Newsom's longtime strategist who left the campaign in July.
0.2	The Chancellor will announce the break-up of the two huge part-nationalised entities rescued by the State after the credit crunch - Royal Bank of Scotland and Lloyds Banking Group.
1.6	Das is shocked at the sheer audacity of spotting 3,000 mistakes in 'Ramayana'.
1.0	And The Mail on Sunday understands that Tony Blair's former spin-doctor Alastair Campbell - said to be the inspiration behind Malcolm Tucker, the tyrant played by actor Peter Capaldi in the BBC2 satire The Thick Of It - has taken on an increasingly influential role at No10.
0.2	Tate finished with 141 total yards.
0.6	"The younger ones - they mostly just watched, and they are the ones talking and giving up names," said one source familiar with the investigation who asked not to be named, because the Police Department has ordered its investigators to keep a tight lid on information.
0.8	Wu also reviewed the NPC's supervisory work this year, especially on the 4-trillion-yuan, two-year stimulus package announced by the central government last November to revive the economy during a global economic slowdown.
0.8	And this is a problem that extends far beyond the East Bay campus' borders.
-2.0	Publicity might have been.
0.8	On a night when Rajon Rondo took only two shots but came within one of matching his career high for assists, Rivers said, "He was the most dominant player on the floor."
0.6	Six women found dead at a Cleveland, Ohio, home appeared to have been strangled, and their decomposing bodies could have been lying there for "weeks, if not months or years," a coroner told CNN on Saturday.
1.0	The boat was mirrored in the calm waters.
2.2	According to the Shanghai Jiao Tong University Press, the press is currently compiling a picture album of Qian and a collection of his writings based on 800-plus-page documents retrieved from the U.S. National Archives, which include details about his encounters with the U.S. government and his trip back home.
0.8	At first, the pain meant Arreola could stand for only about 10 seconds at a time.
0.8	"I don't think it has anything to do with the legitimacy of the election. It's a personal choice which may or may not be made."
0.6	The overruling of aircraft safety warnings by the Ministry of Defence resulted in the deaths of six British servicemen in a helicopter crash, a senior official has revealed.
-1.8	She refuses to limit herself.
1.4	British authorities denied him entry into the country, and he was put on a plane back to the United States, police said.
-0.6	"If it wasn't, I wouldn't support it."
-0.4	On Friday, Newsom met at home with his longtime adviser and former press secretary, Peter Ragone, to make a final call.
-0.8	The science minister, Lord Drayson, who is in Japan on official business, announced on the social networking network Twitter in the early hours of yesterday that he had just heard about Nutt's departure and "I am looking into it", triggering speculation that he is privately concerned about the way relations with the scientific community might be affected.
-0.8	What scares him: "Big, giant rats and opossums."
-0.6	"How dare he ...he has committed an pardonable sin and must own it up," he told TOI.
0.4	If anything, they say, San Franciscans should expect a return of rapid-fire, out-of-the-box policy proposals for which he has become known.
1.6	It was only a decade ago that the school drew international acclaim when basketball coach Ken Carter forced members of his undefeated team to sit on the bench until they raised their grades.
0.6	Making matters far worse is the proliferation of qat trees, which have replaced other crops across much of the country, taking up a vast and growing share of water, according to studies by the World Bank.
0.2	On entering, one is struck by the acidic smell of the paper, and by the dust.
0.6	All it needed was a spark - the elements were already there.
0.8	He is a board member of the Independence Heights Redevelopment Council and a founding member of Change Corps, a service organization.
2.0	Financial markets are pricing in a steady increase in the cash rate, currently 3.25 per cent, to around 4.50 per cent by next June, and onwards to between 5 and 5.5 per cent by December, 2010.
0.8	Cops then obtained an arrest and search warrant and went to his house last Thursday looking to question him about the attack.
1.0	The Cabinet Committee on Security had already approved the government's new plan to counter Maoists under which the affected states will have an effective coordination and the police will take a lead role.
0.8	The girl and her family have not spoken publicly, but her parents issued a statement read at a community meeting Saturday, urging everyone moved by the attack to "please channel your anger into positive action."
1.2	"The wall could never erase your dream, our dream of one Germany, a free Germany, a proud Germany," he said.
0.0	"This stuff (the rape) is just not like Cody," said Rhonnie, who wore a button reading, "Hands and words are not for hurting."
1.4	Without alerting the press to what most politicians would view as an extraordinary photo op, he quietly stopped by Kennedy's grave at Arlington National Cemetery and paid brief respects to his longtime mentor.
0.4	Nichols connected with Tony Davis on a 25-yard touchdown pass midway through the third quarter to tie the record of 84 previously held by Nichols' predecessor Erik Meyer.
0.6	All 15 were shot to death, they said.
0.6	'Currently, the French hypermarket groups Carrefour and Geant are the main foreign chains in the Middle East.
1.2	He believes in spreading the gospel of his faith -- an evangelical tenet that rubbed some Christians in Rossville the wrong way.
0.4	He found him again midway through the quarter for a 26-footer that made it 72-42.
-1.2	They're equatorial Huckleberry Finns, two wild-hearted boys guiding an old wooden fishing boat along a wide and mighty river.
0.4	Yet he also cautioned that the counterinsurgency operation was no cure-all.
0.0	Newly re-elected German Chancellor Angela Merkel was among the dignitaries who attended Saturday's reunion.
0.8	At the end, agents tore them by bare hand as the teeming crowds smashed down their doors.
0.0	But an online audience is hard to maintain when Internet service repeatedly crashes for a week at a time and local vendors are discouraged from providing technical support, Hubbard said.
1.8	Federal health officials said 33 people had died of the flu across the country, although there was conflicting information about which type of the virus was to blame.
1.2	Saleh said eight people had been arrested for their roles in the attack, including an Afghan imam who was apprehended when he arrived by plane in Jiddah, Saudi Arabia.
0.4	On Saturday, crews ground the sides of metal holes designed for large nuts that stabilize the original repair.
-0.8	The boat pushed on, carrying these two river boys back home.
1.6	If the Maoists' political goals seem unattainable, analysts warn they will not be easy to uproot, either.
1.0	"He was a 'people's scientist' with firm political belief and pure moralities," researcher Yu Jingyuan said.
1.0	The Afghan said a boycott was certain, and that Abdullah would likely tell his supporters to simply stay home during the vote.
0.0	They were conducting routine training about 15 miles off San Clemente Island when they collided with the U.S. Coast Guard C-130.
0.2	Last year, two people died trying.
0.0	The arguments will have a way to go to counteract peer influence, judging by Smith's MySpace page.
0.4	They will be set up by breaking up Royal Bank of Scotland, Lloyds and Northern Rock, the banks it partially or wholly controls after bail-outs.
1.0	He will supply a $1 billion loan for "supplemental liquidity" that can be used as bankruptcy financing, the New York-based company said.
1.8	They still allow the annual state-sponsored holiday tree inside the Capitol rotunda.
0.8	Unemployment will exceed 10 percent early next year, according to the median forecast in a Bloomberg poll last month.
0.4	"We'll go fishing when we get back," Arreola recalled Hammond telling him.
0.4	He amassed a collection that numbers more than 800 vehicles, from the overtly silly Batmobile to a Rolls-Royce Silver Shadow once owned by a maharaja.
-1.6	"Just timed the jump," he said.
1.0	The Dalai Lama dismissed that notion and suggested that was the image Chinese government was trying to sell to the world.
1.2	The trijunctions which have been identified for the offensive are Andhra Pradesh-Maharashtra-Chhattisgarh; Orissa-Jharkhand-Chhattisgarh and West Bengal-Jharkhand-Orissa.
1.8	A suspected serial killer has been arrested in America after six bodes were discovered hidden in and around his house.
-1.0	"But we have a long ways to go."
1.2	He started with two former Treasury officials, Press secretary Mike Ellam and chief of staff Tom Scholar.
2.0	Professor David Nutt, then a senior member of the ACMD, publishes research in the Lancet suggesting the classification scheme was flawed and not related to actual evidence of harm caused.
0.4	The statement said the man was suspected of involvement in last Sunday's bombing of the Justice Ministry.
-1.6	"We know that courtyard, and we've been waiting for something to happen there.
1.0	He said Smith's decision to reclassify cannabis meant she had fallen victim to a "skunk scare", and in another dig at the government claimed that advocates of downgrading ecstasy from class A to class B had "won the intellectual argument".
-1.0	How she scares people : "I'll shake a dismembered foot ... and laugh."
0.8	"It's a shame that the state is basically shutting down 95 percent of Americans that celebrate a federal holiday, which it is," said Ron Wesselius, a Thurston County realtor who put up the Nativity the past two years.
0.8	Bligh also said she will head a state delegation that will attend the Shanghai Expo in 2010 and expects the event to be a great success.
1.4	Experts claim his collection has more cars with a price in excess of $1 million than any other, and that if the entire inventory was put up for auction it would depress the market by at least 40 percent.
1.0	"This investment is one our states are proud of, and was the right thing to do," wrote Kerry, Senator Paul Kirk, and a dozen other senators in a letter to Senate leaders.
2.0	Ever since his arrest, Rhonnie has struggled with what to say to the boy she has grown up with.
0.6	The deciding factor varied widely for many, according to interviews with more than 40 voters across the city during the last two days of early voting.
0.6	A lot of damage was caused by this crisis.
1.2	He has contracts with several banking institutions to provide advice and peddles his experience to foreign governments through Tony Blair Associates.
1.4	Nothing in the federal legislation would prohibit states from using their own money to go beyond the federal standards, according to the aides' analysis, and that could help make up the difference.
0.4	Wallechinsky noted, however, that if Yuan divulged how that happened, "he would have to leave China immediately."
0.2	"Just on its face, it looks like they are just trying to find things to deny him."
1.2	Obama himself, after persuading Abbas in September to meet new Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, called only for "restraint" in settlement, not the "freeze" he initially spoke of.
0.4	The accident happened in airspace uncontrolled by the FAA and inside a so-called military warning area, which is at times open to civilian aircraft and at times closed for military use, Federal Aviation Administration spokesman Ian Gregor said.
0.6	Under the deal, the new institutions, which have roots in past banking organisations, will not be taken over by any purchaser that currently owns a British retail bank.
-0.2	Eddie House, who came off the bench and scored 22 points on 9-of-13 shooting, drilled four of his seven threes in the second.
0.6	The company gave Labour £5,000 in 1997/98, handed over £12million in sponsorship for the Millennium Dome and was the biggest backer of Labour's New Deal scheme, offering 1,500 jobs.
-1.0	Wal-Mart is banking on more frequent visits from shoppers by offering a larger selection of beer, wine, bread, fresh-cut fruits, and other groceries, along with a larger pharmacy area with more privacy for consultations.
1.4	Hamas spokesman Sami Abu Zuhri said the U.S. could not effectively engage in peacemaking while ignoring Hamas, and said Clinton's visit was "destined to fail."
1.8	A purchasing managers' report may show factories expanded at the fastest pace since 2006.
1.0	Doctors treat a few hundred runners every year, most for aches and pains.
1.0	Once an area is cleared, the plan also calls for introducing development projects such as roads, bridges and schools in hopes of winning support of the tribal people.
0.4	The 2007-08 Celtics were specialists in administering the coup de grace to opponents.
1.2	There were reports that three people in the group had survived.
-0.6	Voters in the 9th are choosing between Susan Fagan, public affairs director for a Pullman manufacturer and former aide to three U.S. senators from Idaho, and Pat Hailey, a farmer-rancher and school board member who is the widow of former legislator Steve Hailey.
2.2	A separate government report showed consumer spending, which comprises about 70 percent of the economy, fell in September for the first time in five months.
0.4	On the third floor of the home two badly decomposed corpses were found.
0.2	The Egyptian President, Hosni Mubarak, has promised further domestic reforms at the annual conference of his ruling National Democratic Party in Cairo.
0.0	"There's an opportunity for growth in these areas - it's a trend we're seeing in the stores due in part to the challenging economic times," said Wal-Mart spokesman Steven Restivo.
0.2	Cabral says the new strategy is working, with sales up 5 percent since the store redesign this summer.
1.8	Philippine authorities evacuated more than 115,000 people in nine provinces east and south of Manila in the storm's path on main Luzon island, the National Disaster Coordinating Council reported.
1.6	"Whether or not the Exchange Offer/Prepackaged Plan fails, they will still be protected at $600 per note for 30 days," the statement said.
0.0	"You never know. Miracles happen," she said.
1.4	The government, which holds a 70% stake in RBS and a 43% stake in Lloyds after last October's bailouts, hopes to announce the plans on Tuesday.
1.0	"The simple answer is I don't know," said Gerald Treece, a longtime friend who also will serve as executor of the estate.
1.8	Lord Mandelson is said to share the view that Mr Lewis will be better deployed in a strategic role.
0.0	Passenger-car purchases exceeded 1 million for the first time in September as General Motors Co., the largest overseas automaker in China, reported that sales doubled.
1.6	Fiona Fox, director of the Science Media Centre, called for independent scientific advisers "to be allowed to communicate their evidence and findings to the media and the public as far away from the political process as humanly possible."
1.2	"I want to see both sides begin [negotiations] as soon as possible," Clinton said Saturday at an evening news conference with Netanyahu.
0.0	On a recent day, still dressed in his school uniform -- pink plaid shorts and matching tie -- Fandi launched his sampan from a sagging dock with rotting boards.
1.2	The information now given to women has been criticised for advertising only the benefits and not the risks to encourage women to be screened.
0.6	She quoted one "deepshikh sam yuvati tan ..( a young woman's body is like a flame").
2.0	Alistair Darling is expected to confirm over the next few days that assets belonging to the two banks, which are majority-owned by the taxpayer, will be sold off to boost competition.
-0.8	Along the way, the brothers often talk about their day or the games they play at home.
0.8	"He is the first prime minister... that has ever in the history of the Misuse of Drugs Act gone against the advice of its scientific panel," he said.
1.6	"It's taking something that everyone has experienced -- a death in the family, the death of a loved one -- and using the race to mark that in a very personal way," Rangel said.
0.6	On the official BBS of the Shanghai Jiao Tong University, where Qian majored in mechanic engineering from 1929 to 1934, many alumni still couldn't believe the news while replies to the posts soon topped 850 in six hours.
0.8	Three Cold War leaders from the Soviet Union, West Germany and US who saw the Berlin Wall fall two decades ago have been reunited in Germany's capital.
0.4	"That is their liberated zone," said P. Bhojak, one of the officers stationed at the river's edge in this town in the eastern state of Chattisgarh.
-0.6	"There should be a real change in the Israeli position toward this issue in order for the peace process to be restarted."
0.8	Altogether, he was a perfect 7 for 7 in the third, scoring 20 of the Celtics' 38 points.
0.2	The offense lies between the covers of his memoir, "Yuan Weimin: Winds and Clouds of the World of Sports," published this month in Beijing.
-0.6	The military grabbed him from his home at dawn and deported him to Costa Rica.
0.2	Three new high-street banking chains are expected to be created by the government by splitting up Royal Bank of Scotland and Lloyds Banking Group, it emerged last night.
2.0	And at least one environmental group wondered why responders didn't immediately place a protective boom along Crown Memorial State Beach in Alameda - the spot hardest hit by the spill.
1.6	"It is a first step," Cynthia Canary, director of the Illinois Campaign for Political Reform, testified Friday before lawmakers.
0.2	"I really think that someone just hasn't looked at the whole picture."
0.2	The ban on public gatherings, she said, would apply to "all large-scale events, concerts, movie showings and any other gatherings of people for the next three weeks."
-0.2	"The purpose of this book is to tell the truth. It's just about the truth and nothing more," he said.
0.6	Together with his wife and two children, Qian sailed for more than a month before arriving in the mainland.
1.8	At present, British law allows ship owners to pay ransoms for the release of hijacked vessels.
1.0	He told a television interviewer Friday that "it is not a certainty" that Zelaya will be reinstated.
-0.4	Teachers and students were searching last week for at least one video that many said was filmed of the attack.
1.8	The change is most apparent in the electronics section in the Raynham store, which has doubled in size since the makeover this summer.
0.2	There may be limits to the caretaker role, however, even if he will be returning to Boston in January after Massachusetts voters pick a successor (Kirk is not among the candidates) to fill out Kennedy's term.
1.4	Under the new rules, religious displays are OK outside the Capitol buildings.
1.4	Some retail analysts say Wal-Mart's new approach is an effort to appeal to more upscale consumers and undermine cheap chic rival Target.
0.4	Patty or Cathy - those are the cardboard cutouts.
1.4	A spokesman refused to elaborate on his views.
0.2	"He's used the mayor's office to advance policies that have affected the world beyond San Francisco, and he's going to continue to do that," Ballard said.
-1.0	"Now he only comes two times a month because he has too much work."
0.8	The CQ Press crime index last year rated 102,000-population Richmond the ninth-most-dangerous city in America, based on crimes including homicide and rape.
0.6	Arreola participated in last year's Race of the Dead, which winds through Pilsen.
0.4	The 15-year-old victim was a vulnerable girl who attended church and wanted to be a police scout, but also worried counselors by trying too hard to please the school's bad boys.
1.4	"This was a barbaric crime, and I find it hard to wrap my head around the fact that so many watched and didn't report it," Gagan said.
1.4	China will impose five-year anti-dumping tariffs, ranging from 5 percent to 35.4 percent, on imports of adipic acid from the United States, the European Union and the Republic of Korea, the Ministry of Commerce (MOC) said on Sunday.
1.4	"I actually think it might be an untenable position," Nutt said of the chairmanship.
1.0	Several other factors have combined to amplify the severity of the erosion.
1.8	It is widely assumed at Westminster that the climate change secretary, who is more popular among backbenchers than his sibling, would not run against his older brother.
1.2	Police say he had spent 15 years in prison for a 1989 rape.
0.0	She called Lozano's parents and was told he was on his way.
-0.4	But the latest and greatest clue didn't come from police, prosecutors or investigators, but a hairdresser.
1.4	Finance Minister Yoon Jeung Hyun said full-year economic growth is possible in 2009, compared with a previous government forecast of a 1.5 percent contraction.
0.8	Now, violence is frequent, if unpredictable, like the ambush near the village of Laheri, in Maharashtra State, carried out by the Maoists on Oct. 8.
0.4	Martina Metzler peers at the piles of paper strips spread across four desks in her office.
1.4	Persistent rumours regarding its future at Ten were fuelled by its non-inclusion in the network's program launch for 2010.
0.0	"That part of our lives with (Mirinae) is over."
0.6	The committee is waiting for further research to be completed about the effectiveness of the vaccine in younger children.
0.0	"I've told my management that I'll take a team and do the repairs," said S. Ramesh, the project manager for Essar.
1.4	Factory production gained at the fastest pace in three months in September, manufacturers' confidence stayed near a two-year high and consumer confidence climbed to a seven-year high, earlier reports showed.
2.0	Figures released last week show that children under the age of 15 account for a fifth of all swine flu hospital admissions.
1.0	Massive environmental degradation has been the subject of heightened concern across southeast Nigeria as the region continues to be plagued by an erosion crisis that has grown worse over the years.
2.0	Professor David Nutt was dismissed on Friday as chairman of the Advisory Council on the Misuse of Drugs for saying cannabis created only a 'relatively small risk' of psychotic illness and was less damaging to health than nicotine or alcohol.
0.0	On a recent morning, Chaudhry sits quietly in his wheelchair in his west Yakima home.
0.6	The Celtics decimated the Bulls, 118-90, last night, digging a 15-point hole for Chicago by halftime.
-0.6	"We all miss Teddy. We all wish he were here," said Dodd, who became close friends with Kirk as well as with Kennedy.
2.0	Qian, a member of both the Chinese Academy of Sciences and the Chinese Academy of Engineering, graduated from Shanghai Jiao Tong University in 1934.
1.6	Abdullah has called a press conference for 10 a.m. Sunday to announce his final decision after Afghans and Westerners close to the challenger said he would withdraw.
1.2	Instead of complaining about his arthritic ankles and knees, Arreola said he planned to embrace the holiday's spirit of celebrating life.
1.8	"I haven't seen many tell-all books come out after the Olympics, not in any country, much less in China," said David Wallechinsky, the author of several books about the Games.
1.2	They also note that all the federal proposals so far would provide subsidized insurance for people earning up to 400 percent of the federal poverty level - Massachusetts provides help only for those earning up to 300 percent.
1.2	At the news conference Saturday, however, Netanyahu said Israel did want to resume talks.
1.4	Four other voters said they put a premium on Parker's financial chops, especially given the challenges the city may face in the next year.
1.6	The session also deliberated a draft amendment to the Electoral Law, which was enacted in 1953.
1.2	It ensured equal representation among people, regions and ethnic groups.
-0.2	Newsom said as much in the statement he released Friday:
0.6	Controversy apart, Swami has an impeccable track record.
1.0	He also has a problem "collecting people," as they say in politics - doing favors and developing the personal touch with big donors.
1.4	If he gets to vote on a final bill, "that will be something, given my appointment to fill Senator Kennedy's place," he said, searching for words to describe his emotions.
1.8	Indeed, there is plenty of evidence of Mr Blair mixing business and politics even when in Government - although there is no suggestion of impropriety.
0.6	The de facto government saw the agreement as the only way to ensure international recognition of elections scheduled for one month from now, officials said.
0.8	Two voters said they were disturbed that Brown had declined to disclose the investments of his wife, oil field heiress Anne Schlumberger Brown, to ward off concerns about potential conflicts of interest, since she has been an investor in developments Peter Brown voted on as a council member.
2.2	A Royal Perth Hospital spokeswoman confirmed at least one person had a spinal injury.
0.2	But there's another big change in the political landscape: Attorney General Lisa Madigan, daughter of the speaker and party chairman, has decided to seek re-election and not run against Quinn.
0.6	He was taken into custody Friday in Atlanta, Georgia, and was extradited to Arizona on Saturday, police said.
1.2	Rescuers had found several pieces of debris from both aircraft but there was no sign of the victims.
-1.0	The 7pm Project has struggled in its slot, with a nightly national audience of around 700,000.
-1.4	"Cody, paying attention in school or at least going to class can help you so much ... Cody I care about you ... I've seen you have some hard times."
0.2	"My whole family is heartbroken also. Just remember, there are two sides of the story; I miss them as well."
1.6	Amid growing controversy over politicians' finances there has been mounting pressure for peers to guarantee that they pay tax in this country as a condition for membership of the House of Lords.
0.6	A resident who lives farther down the street said he felt the collapse through his floor.
1.8	Ford may punish the UAW by making promised products in Canada or Mexico instead of the U.S., said David Cole, chairman of the Center for Automotive Research in Ann Arbor, Michigan.
0.6	"Prosecutors don't understand that drilling is a serious problem."
0.6	The pair, both played by Patty Duke, were matching bookends, different as night and day.
0.8	Though Iraqis began experimenting with topiary gardens in the 1990s, they have become popular only in recent years, and only in wealthy neighborhoods.
1.8	Accident investigators who began arriving in San Diego on Saturday would review communications between the pilots and between the pilots and the FAA and military controllers, said Capt. Tom Farris, commander of the Coast Guard's 11th District.
1.0	Betting line: A KPIX poll on Tuesday's big East Bay congressional race has Lt. Gov. John Garamendi in the lead - but not by as much as people might expect.
-0.2	"Now, economic growth is no substitute for job growth," Obama stressed in his radio address.
2.0	Attorney Barry Lax says that Madoff's statement is one more reason the SEC should be held accountable.
2.0	"Conservative Republicans will undoubtedly claim victory in sidelining the moderate GOPer Scozzafava," said CBS News' director of political coverage Steve Chaggaris.
0.8	"I didn't know Dave was in any kind of peril," she said.
0.0	The Stasi, which is said to have had more than 170,000 informers, succeeded in destroying thousands of files, shredding them in machines called "ripping wolves" until the equipment broke down under the weight of the task, then through burning and pulping (the contents, held in buckets in the archive, are known as "Stasi porridge").
-0.6	"This is a nonstarter," Erekat said.
-0.4	"While the U.S. has been jumping up and down and saying 'Aha, bad, wicked Swiss banks,' the U.S. is doing exactly the same things as far as non-resident bank account holders," said Sarah Lewis, executive director of the group, based in the U.K.
-1.2	But those demands were rejected earlier in the week in talks with Mr Karzai.
1.8	On Saturday, a documentary about Qian, produced by Xinhua, has been broadcast on the Internet and the agency's TV channel.
2.2	"President Obama has achieved a major milestone in his effort to close Guantanamo, but the prison cannot be shut down until other countries agree to resettle those detainees who are unable to return to their home countries," J. Wells Dixon of the center said in a statement.
0.6	Sowell was convicted for a 1989 rape for which he was imprisoned from 1990 to 2005, Stacho said.
0.8	The jobless rate last month probably climbed to 9.9 percent, the highest level since 1983, from 9.8 percent in September, according to the survey median.
0.8	Crist was to be evaluated on Monday.
0.8	In addition to those convictions, U.S. immigration authorities say Chaudhry also misrepresented himself on applications to the military and Yakima police, when in 2001 he sought to become a reserve officer.
1.0	More than 5,000 pounds of metal came crashing down onto traffic Tuesday evening, totaling a couple cars but leaving the drivers largely unscathed.
2.2	"They have already begun learning English and look forward to becoming productive members of the Palau community, as the United States continues its diplomatic efforts on their behalf."
2.0	A quick fix was installed over Labor Day weekend, but engineers failed to appropriately factor how weather and traffic would affect the repair.
0.4	Martin Schulz, the German leader of the socialist bloc in the European parliament, which is campaigning for the foreign secretary to win the post, said: "I have had several very positive discussions regarding the matter with Miliband recently."
1.0	Robert Chote, director of the Institute for Fiscal Studies, said: "There is a perfectly respectable case for a deeper and longer fiscal stimulus.
0.2	"They thought the likelihood of Madoff being a big criminal was probably not something that was realistic," said Paul Atkins, a former SEC Commissioner.
0.4	One other young man arrested in the case - Jose Carlos Montano, 18, of San Pablo - is in Contra Costa County Jail but has not been charged.
1.6	"And overall it was an issues-oriented campaign, not as negative as it usually gets."
1.2	A Somali pirate boss named Red Teeth said Saturday that his gang of pirates had whisked the British couple kidnapped at sea last month to a lair on shore, and apparently the pirates have begun bickering among themselves about what to do next.
0.8	Darren Dunlap, 38, frequently visits the neighborhood to see his brother or friends.
0.2	Johnson also blames the attack and much of the school's troubles on nonstudent "outsiders" - as several of the attack suspects are - who regularly trespass on campus, and they are much less respectful of authority than the students themselves.
1.0	The state is trying to avoid another holiday-season controversy by barring religious and other nongovernmental displays inside buildings at the Capitol campus in Olympia.
1.4	But he stopped short of calling it a conspiracy.
1.8	He gave his first floor speech last week, outlining his support for a government-run plan to compete with private insurance companies under the health care overhaul.
0.4	"I do feel that if David was critical of Jacqui Smith and her individual decision-making that's stepping over the line," King told the Today programme.
-0.6	She said: 'This might have been a copycat thing in the CTBTO.'
0.2	So far, he believes there's simply not enough reliable data to make a call either way.
1.6	He first began to wield influence over the Tories between 1998 and 2001 when he donated several million pounds to the party.
-0.2	Speaking on BBC Radio 4's Today programme yesterday, Nutt was also fiercely critical of Gordon Brown's role in shaping drugs policy.
1.0	Barely 12, with large brown eyes and stick-like arms, Fandi is 3 years older than his brother -- in his eyes almost a man.
1.2	Jones led the Eagles with 62 rushing yards.
0.6	Netanyahu has proposed limiting building for now to some 3,000 settler homes already approved by Israel in the West Bank.
1.0	On Friday, investigators returned to the house, dug up the grave and found a third body, he said.
1.2	Some Communists would enter the political system; today, the Communist Party of India (Marxist) is an influential political force that holds power in West Bengal.
0.8	Speaking at a joint press conference with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu on Saturday, Clinton said Israel is putting significant limits on settlement activity.
0.0	The tall, middle-aged man stared at the names of the mayoral candidates on an electronic voting machine for some time Thursday morning, struggling to recall any major differences among them.
1.8	Yuan's revelations cover only the bidding process for the Olympics because he was not around for the Games themselves.
1.2	'It will not be enough for the banks to sell a brand name,' said a Treasury source.
-1.2	"Of course," he said.
1.0	Two police officers also said they were persuaded by the endorsement of the Houston Police Officers' Union and the Houston Professional Fire Fighters Association.
0.4	An index of employment dropped to 52.4 from 53.2.
0.4	"Much of the ductal carcinoma in situ diagnosed will never surface clinically. Therefore it constitutes overdiagnosis - that is, you are diagnosing something that would not have become an issue."
2.0	"We have a special conference to choose the party's candidate... which is not held annually, and choosing the party's candidate for the presidency would be its one and only subject," said Safwat al-Sharif.
-1.0	"The election will be held and all procedures will go as normal," Noor Mohammad Noor said.
1.4	A safety gave Portland State an early 2-0 lead, but it could not overcome five turnovers, all interceptions.
0.6	Her lawyer, Nyan Win, who also is a spokesman for the opposition National League for Democracy, told reporters Saturday that the U.S. embassy in Rangoon is making arrangements with the party for the meeting.
1.0	It was once said to be worth more than $100 million, but that was more than 200 cars ago.
0.6	Palestinian leaders have said they will not return to peace talks with Israel unless it halts all settlement building on lands they claim for a future state, and they believe Israel has blatantly defied a U.S. demand for a settlement freeze.
1.4	The shares, which traded at more than $61 each in February 2007, have declined 84 percent this year.
0.2	"Why is Lord Ashcroft at the heart of Hague's discussions in the US? The shadow foreign secretary taking a free trip on Ashcroft Airways is distasteful enough. But having Lord Ashcroft as a key player is worse. Refusing to say whether he pays full British taxes and his extreme anti-European views should disqualify him from any government position," he said.
0.2	"The big lesson for the Obama administration is that multilateralism isn't letting the other guy do it but working with them constantly and on an engaged basis."
0.6	The reporter suggested that Tibetan culture had become popular among the Chinese - that both sides were learning to co-exist peacefully.
1.2	Freeman, 33, did intelligence work for the Air Force and later helped U.S. Rep. John Culberson on veterans issues.
0.2	The collapse of the Marib dam, for instance, led to a famine that pushed vast numbers of people to migrate abroad, and their descendants are now scattered across the Middle East.
0.4	Workers finally began testing a patch on the closed Bay Bridge on Saturday night after days of struggling to fix a cracked piece of steel.
1.4	Almost 300 pirate attacks were logged worldwide in 2008 alone.
1.6	Clinton intends to consult with a range of Arab foreign ministers on the Israel-Palestinian stalemate when she attends an international conference in Morocco on Monday and Tuesday.
-1.0	"It's an open jail for us," he said.
0.2	Ministers say the move will fulfil Gordon Brown's promise to taxpayers that they would get "payback" for the multibillion-pound bailout of the sector last year.
1.0	Six Coast Guard cutters, three Navy ships and multiple helicopters searched the ocean off Southern California.
1.0	The election is Tuesday.
0.4	The linoleum floor, the milk glass doors, and the absence of computers, as well as the map on the wall that shows the Soviet Union and the GDR, or German Democratic Republic, as East Germany was known, all provide a sense of stepping back in time.
2.0	A Kingwood woman said she supported Locke because of the organizations and individuals who back him, such as business groups and unions.
1.2	Clausen, keeping his name in the Heisman Trophy conversation, was 22 of 27 for 268 yards.
1.8	Rodriguez wants to work on public safety; Allsbrooks wants to support small businesses and represent the hospitality industry on the council.
0.8	Last Sunday's two-vehicle suicide bombing also targeted the Governorate in central Baghdad.
0.6	Qian was put in prison for 15 days, followed by a 5-year house arrest under surveillance of the Federal Bureau of Investigation.
0.0	The missing crew members from the Marine helicopter are Maj. Samuel Leigh, 35, of Belgrade, Maine, and 1st Lt. Thomas Claiborne, 26, of Parker, Colo.
0.6	The election is to fill the House seat vacated by Republican Congressman John McHugh, who was appointed by President Obama to become Secretary of the Army.
1.2	The World Health Organization said it would send a team to Ukraine to assist the authorities.
2.0	Despite an open mayoral race, the City Council races have generated little interest among voters.
-0.6	If you have to run, he says to put in enough training time to make it across the line safely.
-2.6	Wait.
1.8	A Pentagon official said a day earlier that the crash likely killed all aboard.
0.0	But he knows his role is temporary, and he is not seeking attention for himself.
2.2	Almost 7,000 specially-trained troops in jungle warfare are also part of the total strength of the central forces to be deployed for the task.
2.0	A spokesman for the Afghan election commission said that it is too late for Abdullah to officially withdraw and that a boycott will not prevent the runoff from going forward.
1.8	China's cabinet pledged Oct. 21 to continue monetary and fiscal stimulus even after growth exceeded officials' expectations for the first nine months of the year.
0.8	But rights groups say Burmese authorities have arrested more opponents of the regime in just the past two weeks, including about 10 local journalists.
-0.8	He rarely leaves his home.
1.8	It has taken nearly eight years of intensive research for the head of Tulsi Peeth, Chitrakoot, Jagadguru Ramanadacharya Swami Ram Bhadrachaya, to come up an improved version of a grammatically and linguistically flawless 'Ramcharitmanas'.
1.2	"There is as yet no evidence that money goes to terrorists, but given all of the rumours that al-Qaida has active cells in Somalia, it would not be of huge surprise if there is a connection there. We will not find out until the government takes the initiative with other interested states to find out and look at the magnitude of the sums involved and where the money is going. It is of concern."
0.4	Some, for instance, apply to gain proof that they were unjustly imprisoned by East German authorities, which may help them clear criminal records that prevent them from getting jobs or help them claim compensation for being persecuted.
0.6	The court and Congress previously endorsed the coup.
1.4	For example, he said tax justice groups criticize the state for not obtaining companies' beneficial ownership information when they incorporate in the state.
-1.4	"There is no safe location where we can go."
0.6	The balance will come, but the emphasis last night was on finishing the job.
1.6	Decades later, after his 60th birthday, it resumed at a classic car auction in Katy and continued until the prominent Houston litigator died in a car accident last week, when he had invited an overseas expert and a film crew to witness the rebirth of one of the great novelties of his vast collection: the oldest existing working automobile.
2.4	He has merely edited, not altered 'Ramcharitmanas' published by Geata Press, Gorakhpur, on the basis of much older editions printed by Venkatesh Press in 1900 or Khemraj Prakashan 1800, Manas Piyush Siddhant Tilak to name a few among the assorted 50 different editions he had consulted.
0.2	None of these risks for the state are written in stone, as the various versions of the federal legislation compete for votes.
0.2	Sir Terry sat on the Board of Trade's Competitiveness Advisory Group.
1.0	The Supreme Court Collegium has pulled the name of Karnataka High Court Chief Justice P D Dinakaran from the five-strong list of HC chief justices it had recommended for elevation to the apex court.
1.8	At a news conference, he joined Democrats' push to extend unemployment benefits, calling it "a vital safety net" that as many as 40,000 Massachusetts residents could lose by year's end.
1.0	Emanuel said the Western North Pacific and Atlantic hurricane basins have the best data on storms during the last 30 years because they include aircraft data.
0.8	More than half of this country's scarce water is used to feed an addiction.
0.6	Phil Willis, Liberal Democrat chairman of the science and technology select committee, said he was seeking clarification from the Home Office.
0.0	Still, Zelaya expressed confidence Friday that Congress would vote in his favor, and his supporters poured into the streets in celebration.
-0.6	"The Naxalites think we are helping the police. The police think we are helping the Naxalites. We are living in fear over who will kill us first."
1.0	Chaudhry provided that information to immigration authorities when he applied for citizenship.
0.0	"He was crazy," she said from her porch Saturday.
0.4	The collision occurred as the Coast Guard airplane was itself carrying out a search for a missing boatman.
0.8	The head of the World Health Organisation, Margaret Chan, was in Havana last week and announced that Cuba should start receiving international swine flu vaccines within a month.
1.2	Locke, a senior partner at Andrews Kurth, over the years has represented such governmental entities as the Port of Houston, the Metropolitan Transit Authority and Houston Community College.
0.6	Earlier, the IEC announced that it planned to open 6,322 polling stations for the run-off - more than it did during the first round.
1.0	The Prime Minister's attempt to boost his image suffered a humiliating blow last night after it was disclosed that he struggled to find anyone to take on a plum post as an £80,000-a-year Downing Street spin-doctor.
1.2	In just more than a month in office, Kirk has voted 30 times, including on bills to amend Medicaid payments to doctors and approve a Defense Department spending plan.
1.4	Meanwhile, China has attached great importance to friendly cooperation with the state of Queensland, said Li, adding that exchanges and cooperation between the two sides have developed rapidly in recent years.
0.0	Retail analysts say the emphasis on electronics and home goods makes sense with the departure of major chains such as Circuit City and Linens 'N Things, as well as consumers' increased focus on value.
0.6	Blinded when two months old the gold medalist from Sampoornanand Sanskrit University, Varanasi, he has a PhD and DLit under his belt.
1.2	It was typical of the low-key, insider's posture Kirk has maintained since Governor Deval Patrick appointed him to temporarily fill the seat of the late Senator Edward M. Kennedy: discreet, in the background, studiously avoiding the spotlight.
0.6	Several were this weekend seeking urgent reassurances from the government that it will not try to control their agenda and will allow them to speak out before they decide whether to quit.
1.0	The decision on Justice Dinakaran was expected, given the furore over his alleged encroachment on public land.
-0.2	Ministers will stop this happening using their powers as controlling shareholders in Lloyds, RBS and Northern Rock, rather than through new regulations.
0.0	She said she has known Sowell since high school.
1.2	Pressure to end the crisis has mounted in recent weeks from several sources, including the powerful Honduran business elite, which backed the coup but has been losing millions of dollars because of sanctions and interrupted trade.
1.0	He characterized the process as "stuck" because of what he said was Netanyahu's lack of desire to restart negotiations.
-0.2	Three new High Street banking chains are to be created by the government by 2015 as part of a major overhaul.
-0.8	Yet when the need arises, he said, "I'm ready."
0.2	Mirinae appeared to be heading next toward Vietnam.
1.0	The rape finally stopped, around midnight, after students at a house down the block heard of what was going on and called police.
-1.2	"It could be a little choppy. It could be uneven. And it's going to take awhile."
1.0	Newsom based his entire platform for governor on his track record in San Francisco, and some of his colleagues said he often painted the city's fortunes as rosier than they really are so he could contrast them with Sacramento.
-0.2	Thus far, the puzzlers are 440 sacks into the process.
0.8	When it comes to same-sex marriage, for example, 58 percent are for it, and 35 are opposed, while the older generations are 60 percent against it and only 31 percent for it.
1.8	Exemptions for political leaders and a delayed start date of 2011 were among the many compromises forged during the most heated political fight of the year in Springfield.
1.6	However, the former prime minister's hopes of securing the presidency have faded, following statements by Germany and France indicating they will not back him.
0.4	"It's a personal choice which may or may not be made."
1.2	"We found last year a lot of people are for free speech as long as people agree with their particular point of view," Valandra said.
0.4	US Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton said a runoff with only one candidate would not necessarily threaten the legitimacy of the process.
1.6	At the edge of the Indravati River, hundreds of miles from the nearest international border, India effectively ends.
0.8	In the 28 years that he has lead Egypt, the president has never appointed a deputy and is yet to say whether he plans to run for another six-year term in 2011, when he will be 83.
-0.8	The election is on Jan. 17, and Ms. Tymoshenko formally registered as a candidate on Saturday.
1.0	"We have been gaining strength day by day to counter terrorism from across the border. I have been warning Pakistan not to play games with us. (I have told them that) the last game should be Mumbai attacks. Stop it there," he told a public meeting here last night.
-1.6	"I guess those kids thought what they did was tight, was cool. But it was terrible."
1.0	Home minister P Chidambaram has said Naxalism has spread to 20 states with over 2,000 police station areas in 223 districts partially or substantially affected.
0.6	It was 6 p.m. on a Friday in April 1995 when Deana Hebert's ex-husband took their 18-month-old daughter for a weekend visit.
2.0	In Rizal province's Taytay township, about 400 shanties - home to about 2,000 people who had been forced to flee their lakeside homes during Ketsana - were destroyed by strong winds, Mayor Joric Gacula said.
1.0	The group worked to bring a police substation to Fondren.
-1.0	"I'm very attached to it. I'm a soldier and I respect that flag."
-0.2	The fourth suspect arraigned in the case, 19-year-old Manuel Ortega, ran away from home and dropped out of school after his junior year, sources said.
1.2	Yesterday it emerged that Lieutenant Colonel Rupert Thorneloe, the most senior British officer to have died in Afghanistan, had warned his superiors that helicopter operations there were "not fit for purpose".
0.6	Comptroller Dan Hynes, Quinn's opponent in the Feb. 2 Democratic primary for governor, said Adams' appointment showed Quinn does not understand the depth of the state's budget problems.
-1.2	Signs for the Norteño and Crips gangs are scrawled in huge letters on a wall near the driveway leading into the courtyard.
1.2	The deadline for those conditions to be met expires on Saturday.
0.2	Under the guidance of Qian, also known as Tsien Hsue-shen, China finished the blueprint on developing jet and rocket technology.
0.2	The ransom demand for the return of the couple was made on Friday in a call to the BBC in which the pirates' representative blamed Nato operations in the area for destroying the local economy.
0.0	U.S. Coast Guard Rear Adm. Joseph Castillo said Friday that an investigation with the Marine Corps to determine what happened was beginning.
2.6	Among other things, she's been president of the Association of Bay Area Governments and chief of staff for then-state Sen. Bill Lockyer and former Oakland Mayor Lionel Wilson.
1.4	Her comments appeared to represent a significant departure in tone from her previous statements demanding a total Israeli settlement freeze without exception.
0.4	He had even scouted potential sites.
2.0	Recent media reports that the hiatus for Rove would enable its star, Rove McManus, to make changes to The 7pm Project were labelled "untrue" by the source.
1.2	Khalaf, 43, was hospitalized with injuries that are not life-threatening.
1.0	On Sunday, the younger Mubarak will take centre stage when he addresses the conference.
1.4	Her cousin is Cody Ray Smith of San Pablo, who at 15 is the youngest of the four defendants charged in the gang rape so far.
0.8	Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton downplayed the prospect of an Abdullah withdrawal, saying it would not undermine the legitimacy of the election.
1.4	Arreola noticed that the streets were suspiciously quiet, no vehicle traffic or kids playing.
-0.2	The missing person the Coast Guard members were searching for is still missing, Farris said.
0.6	That, Erekat said, is evidence that Netanyahu has "no interest" in continuing negotiations.
0.0	What's more surprising is that, globally, the picture's much the same.
2.4	In fact, the last 12 months may have seen the least amount of hurricane activity since satellites began continuously monitoring Earth's oceans in 1979.
1.6	RBS is expected to lose 312 branches south of the border, which will become Williams & Glyn's, a bank that enjoyed an exclusive reputation in the Seventies for serving better-off customers.
0.8	"Both have indicated that they will abide by it, and I believe them," he told reporters.
1.2	Exports to the U.S. slid 37.4 percent, the ministry said.
0.2	Staff Sgt. Juan Arreola has mourned the way Marines do, stone-faced with crisply folded flags and a sad bugle cry.
1.4	Ashcroft's companies have made a series of donations to members of the Tories' foreign affairs team.
0.6	As often is the case when it comes to hurricane science, the question is data quality.
1.2	He added that the states of the bodies made it hard to tell how long they had lain in the makeshift graves.
1.0	He had even spent time online researching their positions.
-0.4	Notre Dame will play its future offsite home games in Texas, Florida or New York.
1.6	Taylor's nominal opponent is John Gotts, a Democrat who abandoned the race and endorsed Taylor after advancing through the primary.
-0.6	Trains weren't terribly crowded Saturday morning and afternoon, though the BART stations were busier than usual and parking was tough to come by at some East Bay spots.
1.8	"After Beijing was selected, as soon as the ink on the contract was dry, the International Olympic Committee ceded control of the Games to the Communist Party of China," said Wallechinsky.
1.0	"It depends on the emerging circumstances such as the efficacy and availability of the vaccine and the spread of the virus."
1.6	India's Maoist rebels are now present in 20 states and have evolved into a potent and lethal insurgency.
-0.2	"I worried every time," Madoff said in the interview.
0.0	The delay doesn't bother Fandi and Alfan.
0.6	The situation in Ukraine "has reached the epidemic threshold," Ms. Tymoshenko said.
1.6	'I've been critical of Prof Nutt's advice but the Government should not have got itself into a situation where it is having a very public row with its own advisers.'
0.8	Planned increases in taxation next year, with the return of Vat to 17.5% and a new 50% income tax band for those earning £150,000, mean that overall there will be a fiscal "tightening" under current plans.
0.2	The company used data from its regular surveys of 26,000 homeowners and combined the results with various forecasts about how much rates will need to rise before borrowers can no longer afford repayments.
-0.4	"But that was before national borders were established," Mr. Eryani added.
1.2	In primary races, the bill would restrict legislative and political party leaders to giving a combined $200,000 to a statewide candidate, $125,000 to a state Senate candidate, and $75,000 to a state House candidate.
1.2	Newsom's colleagues at City Hall were surprised by Friday's news.
1.6	San Francisco officials asked people to refrain from swimming in the bay and stay away from local beaches.
1.2	Back-to-back storms in late September and early October killed more than 900 people, and a third storm then threatened the northern Philippines before veering toward Japan.
0.6	He sneaked back into the country Sept. 21 and took refuge in the Brazilian Embassy in Tegucigalpa, where he has remained, the compound surrounded by Honduran troops.
-1.8	Cousin Cathy was a classy little lady who adored minuets and Crepe Suzette; rock 'n' roller cousin Patty lost control when it came to, um, hot dogs.
0.8	A truck plant in Louisville, Kentucky, rejected the deal by 84 percent the same day and a Michigan engine factory also turned it down, Walkowicz said.
0.4	Brown's seat has drawn eight contenders, including front-runners Derr, Herman Litt and Stephen Costello.
1.2	Corben's father, who was in court to support him yesterday, posted $10,000 cash as surety.
1.2	It was Mr Blair who reopened diplomatic ties with the country when he was Prime Minister.
0.0	One McManus format seemingly set for the scrap heap is Are You Smarter Than A Fifth Grader?.
0.8	The sanctions were starting to hurt, these officials said, and were being felt especially by big business.
2.0	According to a 2009 survey by the Center for American Progress, a think tank, the majority of millennials focus less than their parents on battles over sexual orientation and race.
2.0	Ashcroft, who owns several properties in the US, including a sprawling estate in Florida, met Hague in Washington and then flew back with him to Britain.
1.4	Farmers depended mostly on rainwater collection and shallow wells.
1.8	He continued in that role under the Karzai government that was formed after the fall of the Taliban, leaving the government in 2006.
1.6	Many live in the town and walk or ride motorbikes to school.
-0.2	"Out of that came some concern about flexibility," said Phil Johnston, chairman of the foundation's board.
1.2	The hedge fund is not implicated in the scheme in any way and received a no-action letter from the SEC, confirming that it is not a target in the investigation, said George Hamel, ValueAct's co-founder and chief operating officer.
0.2	His enemies, including major landowners, branded him a thuggish thief.
-0.2	News reports from the western part of the country said there were long lines at pharmacies as people sought medication and masks.
0.8	COCAINE use has filtered down from the socialites to suburbia, with a new report showing "stressed-out housewives" in some affluent suburbs have become regular users.
1.6	Besides meeting Netanyahu, Clinton also held talks with Israeli Defense Minister Ehud Barak and Foreign Minister Avigdor Lieberman.
0.8	"Many people are already having a tough time and paying their mortgage with their credit cards and rate increases of this magnitude will push thousands over the edge" says Martin North, managing director of Fujitsu Consulting.
-1.0	The front-runners for Green's seat are former Houston Police Chief C.O. "Brad" Bradford and Noel Freeman, an assistant to the city engineer.
1.4	But it also has a practical purpose for the GOP, said Republican political consultant Chris Vance.
2.0	Five different burial methods were used on the victims, and the bodies were in varying states of decomposition, Miller said, making it difficult to determine the ages of the victims.
1.0	"Israel is not interested in stopping its settlement activities and the American administration didn't succeed in convincing the Israeli government to stop these activities," he said.
1.6	Afghan electoral law says that any vote cast for a candidate who withdraws will not be counted.
-0.6	"The House bill is a good deal for Massachusetts, period," said Markey, an influential member of one of the main House committees in charge of the health care bill.
0.4	What car lovers wandering through such a museum might someday see are samples of a mind-boggling inventory assembled in a stunningly short amount of time, from the world's best assortment ofDuesenbergs - including the most expensive one ever sold - to iconic American muscle cars to the rarest Ferraris to a Lincoln ordered by Queen Elizabeth II.
0.8	According to Nutt, tobacco should rank ninth, ahead of cannabis, LSD and ecstasy.
0.8	"An agreement is the way out," Shannon told the Hondurans, according to a senior Obama administration official.
1.2	A police source also told The Sunday Mail: "More people are using it, but the more affluent can afford to use it more often."
0.6	That was devastating news for a young man who adored the freedom he felt when running and playing soccer.
1.8	His comments come after the demand for $7m (£4.2m) for the safe return of Paul and Rachel Chandler, the British couple taken hostage nine days ago as they travelled from the Seychelles to Tanzania.
1.2	During the 1970s, when Iraqis enjoyed a flood of oil money, customers flocked to him to supply elaborate gardens, buying plants imported from Jordan and Syria, Mr. Abbas said.
0.4	There have been numerous allegations of abuses by the de facto government, including arbitrary detentions and the use of excessive force by troops.
1.4	What does seem clear is that what Maue calls the global "recession" in hurricane activity probably will end soon.
1.4	But Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas is sticking to his refusal to resume negotiations until Israel stops building settlements.
0.8	"Please tell people we're not animals, like the media say we are," Rhonnie said, eyes moist with pain.
-0.4	Tensions between the Tibetan people and Chinese government led to violent clashes in March last year.
1.0	The Home Office promised in June to investigate possible links between pirates in the Gulf of Aden and Somali terrorist movements such as Al-Shabab, widely thought to be part of al-Qaida.
1.4	Bob Schoellkopf, another broker, says property appraisals should be done every other year instead of annually.
0.6	He said: 'When Gordon Brown says that cannabis is a "lethal drug", when it clearly isn't, young people are not going to pay him any notice. You don't reduce drug harm by lying.'
1.6	Democrats meantime faced the prospects of frustrated voters in the Feb. 2 primary.
-0.4	Tesco chief executive Sir Terry Leahy is well acquainted with Mr Blair's charm and networking skills.
0.8	Typhoon Mirinae, with winds of 93 miles per hour and gusts of up to 115 mph, slammed into Quezon province northeast of Manila around midnight Friday.
1.0	A handful of others in southwest Houston and Humble said they had concerns about Locke's past as a fiery civil rights activist, although several voters near Acres Homes found that aspect of his past persuasive.
2.4	Adams, appointed in 2003 by then- Gov. Rod Blagojevich to lead the state's chief social services agency, was set to join the Department of Commerce and Economic Opportunity's Office of Trade and Investment in a newly created role as the "Illinois representative to Africa."
-2.2	"Close games all the time it kind of gets old."
1.2	Meanwhile, Coast Guard authorities said they would investigate whether any mistakes were made in the initial response to the spill.
1.2	Separately, the Electoral Commission is investigating whether donations from Ashcroft's company to the Tory party comply with electoral law.
0.4	The Justice Department said the six sent to Palau had been cleared for release by the Bush administration after deciding not to treat them as enemy combatants anymore.
1.0	Wu said the revision was in line with the spirit of the 17th Party congress and the conditions of the country's economic and social development.
2.0	Hillary Clinton turned U.S. pressure on Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas on Saturday when she endorsed Israel's view that its expansion of settlements on occupied land should not be a bar to resuming peace talks.
1.0	Policy makers need to "manage inflation expectations," curb excess capacity and encourage sustainable lending growth, the central bank said in its report on the third-quarter economy.
1.2	But cops quickly made the horrific discovery that the property hid the bodies of several suspected murder victims.
0.8	He said Sowell was known for borrowing money and looking for scrap metal to sell.
1.4	Police had set up an emergency response centre and celebrated when news broke that he had been picked up.
0.6	"She is not asking for anything over the top, just to be able to find her daughter and let her know she loves her."
0.6	But the Home Office said in a response to the Lords report last month "it isn't up to the government" to issue rules on suspicious activity reports.
-0.8	"Maybe there's hope for us everywhere else."
1.4	Marcus Aguirre, 36, said he came to like the controller through her involvement in Democratic activist groups.
-0.2	"People should have full knowledge of reality whether good or bad," he said.
0.6	The girl was released from a hospital Wednesday, but her recovery has only begun, police Lt. Mark Gagan said.
1.8	The world's third-biggest economy may expand at a 9.5 percent annual pace this quarter, Zhang Liqun, of the State Council Development and Research Center, said in the statement.
1.4	The United State sued Swiss global banking giant UBS AG, which paid a $780 million fine to settle a lawsuit against it by the government.
0.6	Women invited for screening by the National Health Service will be told that some of the cancers detected will be dormant and may never spread to other tissue.
2.0	Figures from the 2007 National Drug Strategy Household Survey showed that cocaine use doubled between 2004 and 2007 and the new CMC figures look set to reveal further rises.
1.2	It is just a ploy to malign me and extort money, he told TOI and added he was not the one to be cowed down by such threats.
2.2	Mr. Abbas, who runs the nursery, said a recent trend was for people to buy seedlings, intending to carve their names into the leaves when the trees grow up.
1.2	"Recreational drug use has become very normalised.
0.2	Seventeen officers died, fighting for hours until they ran out of ammunition.
2.0	Locke and Morales never appeared on his radar, Pass said, and Brown's many mailings to his home grew tedious.
2.0	Also running are Darrell Rodriguez, a logistics coordinator for General Electric Energy, and Alex Wathen, a bankruptcy lawyer.
0.8	But before he cracked a legal text or saw the inside of a courtroom, he knew something else - cars.
1.2	Erekat said that Abbas wants negotiations to pick up where they left off with former Prime Minister Ehud Olmert, and that the Israelis do not.
1.8	Heeding those words, the 36-year-old Pakistani immigrant living in Yakima joined the Army National Guard and was sent to active duty at Fort Lewis and Fort Irwin in Southern California.
1.0	The Maoists also killed 31 police officers from other nearby outposts in attacks in February and May.
1.2	Thursday's crash involved a Coast Guard C-130 with a seven-member crew and a Marine Corps AH-1W Super Cobra with two aboard as it flew in formation near the Navy's San Clemente Island, a site with training ranges for amphibious, air, surface and undersea warfare.
-1.6	"We cannot move, this is no joke," Magcalas said.
0.4	A prepackaged bankruptcy "is probably going to go through," Icahn said yesterday.
1.0	Last night, Shadow Home Secretary Chris Grayling said he supported Prof Nutt's dismissal, but blamed the Government for allowing the row to develop.
0.8	Officials feel that Naxal menace, which now spread to 40,000 sq km area across the country, can be wiped out in a period of 12 to 30 months.
0.4	The general election contest features two Republicans, an interesting wrinkle under Washington's relatively new "Top Two" primary, which advances the leading vote-getters regardless of party identification.
0.6	The value of the collection is hard to determine.
-0.6	"Those boys who did what they did weren't picturing that girl as a human," she said.
0.2	His line for the night was 22 points, 8 rebounds, 4 assists, and 3 steals.
2.0	The winners will serve out the remainder of a term that lasts through 2010.
1.4	Manila electric power distributor Meralco said the high winds had forced outages in many areas around the capital, but electricity was restored in most areas by Saturday afternoon.
0.8	Later two more bodies were found in a crawl space in the house.
1.2	Here on the vast Kampar peninsula, a land carpeted with dense forests and veined by unpredictable rivers, many isolated communities without their own schools or road access must send children such as Fandi and Alfan out onto the busy river highway.
0.8	Jimmy Clausen wandered the Notre Dame sideline worry-free with the clock ticking down and a blowout victory minutes away.
0.0	Overall, the number of new cases in England increased by 50% last week to 78,000.
0.4	Self and others believe the Cosco Busan spill may have played a large role in killing off herring eggs.
-0.4	Then again, sometimes it was not the inherent value of the car that interested him, but the story behind it.
0.0	That such a girl could be so brutalized speaks more to a pack mentality, stoked by booze and street machismo, than it does to the general character of Richmond High's youths, Price said.
1.0	"We are reaching a point where we don't even know if the interventions we are proposing will save the situation."
0.4	Why he does it: "I have been to a lot of haunted houses -- and I figured, instead of being scared, I would do the scaring myself."
-1.2	And now we know.
1.6	Rescuers were still searching Saturday for nine people missing in the Pacific off the southern California coast after a Coast Guard plane and a Marine helicopter collided Thursday night.
2.4	All seven aboard the Coast Guard plane are stationed at the Coast Guard Air Station in Sacramento, Calif., where their aircraft was based.
1.4	Every editor has the right to carry out his job as per his understanding unhindered by extraneous pressure, he told TOI.
0.8	Palau has agreed to take up to 12 Uighurs, seven still remain at the controversial Guantanamo prison which was set up by the Bush administration to house terrorism suspects.
0.2	Surging auto sales, driven by tax cuts and subsidies, are boosting manufacturing.
2.0	The puzzlers work in a former asylum seekers' application office in Zirndorf, a small town in deepest Bavaria.
1.8	Eventually, at 5pm yesterday, a spokesman for Mr Blair issued a carefully worded statement that said: 'Tesco is a great British company.
1.6	He recalled that Giannopoulos was handpicked to take courses on military tactics that he passed on to his men.
-0.6	"...We took some shots early and they were doing a good job getting to us, and we just needed to settle down as an offense and get into a rhythm. We were finally able to do that."
1.0	Within the past two weeks, Maoists have burned two schools in Jharkhand, hijacked and later released a passenger train in West Bengal while also carrying out a raid against a West Bengal police station.
0.2	The Seidmans married in 2001 and Seidman, 43, is stepfather to her three children, aged 10, 12 and 13, she said.
1.2	Along the muddy-brown Kampar River, there are no kindly school crossing guards, no lumbering yellow buses, no lines of parents jockeying for parking space to deposit their little ones, with last-minute reminders of forgotten books and raincoats.
0.4	He said he had been consistently warning Pakistan against meddling in India's affairs but if they continued to do so, "we will deal with them strongly".
0.4	It would also allow Ed Miliband, a former adviser to Brown, to throw his hat into the ring.
0.4	The state's environment commissioner Michael Egbebike speaks to VOA.
0.8	Hebert was getting her hair cut on Christmas Eve when she learned beautician Emma Moreno was from Mexico, as was Hebert's ex-husband, who was from Monterrey.
0.2	"I think he picked the right time. Since the Olympics, Chinese people are more confident and I think we are ready to listen with an open mind."
1.0	The Obama administration has sent six Uighur Chinese detainees from the U.S. military prison at Guantanamo Bay to the Pacific island nation of Palau, the Justice Department said on Saturday.
-0.6	"I don't need to tell you the honor that would be."
2.2	Clinton's main aim during her one-day visit to Israel was to resuscitate the Obama administration's flagging Mideast peace push by persuading the two sides to return to talks.
-2.0	He called his biggest grab luck.
1.2	Immigration authorities are denying him U.S. citizenship because he failed to disclose old misdemeanor convictions in Australia when he applied for a visa a decade ago.
1.2	Only one figure in American history, casino magnate Bill Harrah, had put together anything approaching O'Quinn's collection, and it seemed fitting that a number of the late Harrah's cars now reside in one of O'Quinn's Houston warehouses.
0.0	"Where we will see the result of this failure is in a product announcement -- moving some business out that had been planned here," he said.
2.0	Zelaya, a timber tycoon whose turn to the political left alienated Honduras' ultra-conservative elite, was ousted after ignoring a court order to stop efforts to revise the Honduran Constitution.
1.6	Insp Dominic Wood said it was a Halloween party gone wrong.
0.8	"I think you see these kinds of boys at a lot of high schools - so desensitized it was like they saw her as a toy. Boys like that - there aren't many like them, but they can be so hard. All they needed was something to set them off."
1.4	Peter Acquaro is a financial planner.
1.0	Starting on that day in 2003 when he purchased 14 cars at his first auction, O'Quinn became a towering figure in the world of automotive collecting.
1.4	After the incident, Almaleki drove to Mexico and abandoned his vehicle in Nogales, Peoria police said.
0.6	But he also says the majority party shouldn't be rewarded for its handling of the state budget, which ran severely short of money during the recession's downswing and is headed for another deficit in 2010.
1.0	Other Republicans who have endorsed Hoffman include former N.Y. Governor George Pataki, former Sen. Fred Thompson (R-Tenn.), former House Majority Leader Dick Armey (R-Texas), and former presidential candidate Steve Forbes.
-1.0	"Staying out of trouble can have a dramatic effect on your life, and give your family some stress relief," she wrote.
0.4	The move comes after the EU last week backed plans to split nationalised Northern Rock in two.
1.0	The choice of Palau is likely to infuriate China as the island is one of only 23 countries that recognize Taiwan over Beijing.
0.2	"We have a shortage of resources," he said.
-0.4	"Without somebody sitting at the table, there's really not a go-to person to see what makes sense," Grant said.
1.4	"As my lead adviser on drugs harm, I am afraid the manner in which you have acted runs contrary to your responsibilities," Johnson added.
1.4	"It is moving away toward the South China Sea," said chief government forecaster Nathaniel Cruz.
1.2	Asked at a news conference with Netanyahu about Palestinian conditions for relaunching the stalled peace process, Clinton said of the settlements: "There has never been a precondition. It's always been an issue within the negotiations."
-0.6	However, Qian's road home was not smooth.
0.8	"I think there's going to be a return to the status quo."
1.6	Unlike some other arid countries in the region, like Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates, Yemen lacks the money to invest heavily in desalination plants.
1.8	Mr. Ramesh said 70 percent of India's iron ore lay in states infiltrated by Maoists; production in this area is stalled at 16 million tons a year even though the area has the potential to produce 100 million tons.
0.8	Others who are sympathetic to the plight of the adivasis say the Maoist violence has become intolerable.
1.0	Supervisor John Avalos, chair of the board's budget committee, said, "I'm hoping this could be a good thing for the city - that we'll have a mayor who is more focused on what needs to get done and can turn his vision into practice."
1.2	State regulators suspended fishing and shellfish harvesting in parts of the bay, and officials asked people to avoid some beaches while mop-up efforts continue today.
0.8	"The Tories making cuts now and cuts next year are putting the recovery at risk."
0.4	"We have the beaches closed to provide an onshore refuge for the birds," Escobar said.
0.6	Nutt told the Observer he had received hundreds of messages of support and had been contacted by several members of the council.
1.8	"Because of the strong beliefs in Nationalism and Indianisation of workers like Sarang and others like him, they are unable to succeed in their designs. Therefore there is a need for having a law in the country which should give freedom to people to choose their religion," Singh said.
-0.2	His wife hands him a napkin filled with pills he takes to tolerate the pain that shoots from his broken back.
0.2	The plans come amid growing concern about the number and severity of infections in children.
-0.4	"They had her down on the bench and the bitch tried to kick 'Tweak' (one of the men) in the nuts," said one young man, who said he had a first-hand account of the attack from Smith but was afraid of being named.
0.8	Icahn Associates Corp. is the largest shareholder of American Railcar Industries Inc., which depended on CIT for 31 percent of its business as of June 30, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
-0.4	It began when Hebert met Lozano in college.
1.0	"It took awhile to actually cast a vote. I was conflicted," said McClain, who said he ultimately sided with City Councilman Peter Brown because of his business experience as an architect.
0.2	She was told it was faked to show her daughter was from Mexico.
-0.2	The latest Field Poll showed Newsom losing to Brown by 20 points, and a poll in San Francisco showed Newsom losing to Brown in his own hometown.
-1.0	The handles crossed at his chest, he pushed outward, propelling the boat forward, lifting the oars from the water as he felt it surge forward.
1.2	In the memoir, Yuan writes that he differed with other Chinese officials about how to handle critics who said the Olympics should not be hosted by a one-party nation.
1.0	Massachusetts' landmark 2006 health care overhaul law provided the model for the national legislation now under construction in Congress.
0.8	The Lhasa violence involving beating, smashing, looting and burning in 2008 was a sabotage activity "premeditated, organized and masterminded" by the Dalai Lama group, who instigated Tibetan separatists in and out of China to fuel up the incident, Ma said.
0.6	The villagers also risk being swept to their death by flood water during the rainy season.
0.2	But what often kills is what you don't see: hidden heart disease, brought on by the stress of the race - and running it too fast.
0.4	Nutt's supporters say his comments were consistent with his argument that drugs policy should be evidence-based.
1.6	Some coastal residents said that as soon as Red Teeth's men left for Baxdo with the Chandlers, another squad of pirates in heavily armed pickup trucks chased after them, trying to recapture the hostages.
-0.6	"When the situation was bad, I took care of the garden more than when it's good," he said.
-0.2	"That was beautiful to watch. They're coming in and if not sustaining the lead, keeping it, stretching it out," said Kevin Garnett.
1.2	The police source said cocaine is no longer a wealthy socialite's drug and is widely embraced across the population.
0.2	How he scares people : "Sometimes I stand like a statue and then I jump out, stomp my feet and roar and I say disturbing things."
-1.2	"It was a relief," Clausen said.
0.6	Since Madigan also serves as state Democratic chairman, he also could devote unlimited party campaign resources to the dozen or so targeted legislative races that are the true battleground contests.
1.6	In a wide-ranging jailhouse interview with SEC Inspector General David Kotz, convicted swindler Bernard Madoff explained how he managed to conceal his multi-billion-dollar fraud operation.
0.2	The No 10 source said: "Behind it all there is very careful consideration being given to David getting this job.
1.6	Those who chose Harris County Board of Education Trustee Roy Morales said they did so because of his conservative bona fides, something the other three candidates - all lifelong Democrats - lacked.
-0.2	And Kennedy himself would approve, Dodd said.
1.6	Business has multiplied eightfold since 2005, including brisk sales in small sicus palms, which cost about $350.
0.0	A Ten spokesperson later said: "Rove will be back on Ten in 2010."
2.0	He mentioned Typhoon Morakot, which lashed Taiwan with 80 inches of rainfall in August, and Typhoon Ketsana, which in September brought some of the worst rains ever recorded to Manila in the Philippines.
-0.4	"He's won on both counts."
-0.6	The accident happened at 7:10 p.m. in airspace uncontrolled by the FAA and inside a so-called military warning area, which is at times open to civilian aircraft and at times closed for military use, Federal Aviation Administration spokesman Ian Gregor said.
0.2	The SEC alleges that Yee, who joined ValueAct as chief financial officer in 2005, tipped off his brother-in-law, Chen Tang, who then traded on the information through personal accounts.
-0.8	"We are strongly dissatisfied with and firmly oppose the EU statement," Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Ma Zhaoxu said in a news release.
0.2	Guest Alan Rorke said it was a mad rush to help all the injured.
1.0	Police established a command post in the neighborhood to take missing-person reports and additional information on outstanding missing persons in the neighborhood.
1.6	Mr. Amer, the farmer based here, proudly showed visitors his efforts to irrigate fruit and tomato fields using rubber tubes, instead of just funneling it through earthen ditches that allow most of the water to evaporate unused.
0.8	Some evidence indicates they have spent at least some of the past 14 years in Mexico, a country that has shown itself as a haven for hiding American kids.
0.4	The Obama administration has been criticized in some quarters for failing to act more forcefully sooner.
1.8	During the man-made satellite project, when everyone else was not sure that the satellite would work perfectly in space given the limited testing facilities, Qian researched piles of documents and papers and wrote, "In my opinion, the satellite is done."
-0.4	That makes it impossible to calculate exactly how much Massachusetts would gain or lose overall.
0.8	UBS and Credit Suisse have about 200 entities in the state, according to the group.
0.8	"We would also hold a Competition Commission inquiry into the banking market."
1.6	Generally speaking, all of the congressional proposals follow the broad outlines of the Massachusetts system - people who don't get insurance through work could turn to an "exchange," modeled on the Massachusetts Connector, to buy coverage; depending on income, they could qualify for government-subsidized insurance.
1.2	Israel withdrew from Gaza in 2005.
-0.4	Read local coverage on CNN affiliate WJW
1.0	Sydney University media lecturer Dr Marc Brennan questioned the future of Rove's current format.
1.0	The puzzlers are eventually due to be assisted by a computerized machine, known as the E-Puzzler, developed by scientists at the Fraunhofer Institute, the same lab that created the MP3 format.
1.6	A senior aide to David Miliband, favourite to succeed Gordon Brown as Labour leader, turned down the job, saying his loyalty was to the Foreign Secretary.
1.6	Erekat said Clinton had told Abbas that the settlements were not legitimate but said the United States was unable to persuade Netanyahu's government to commit to an outright freeze.
1.6	Some lawmakers questioned why Quinn chose to keep Adams in his administration, given her connection to Blagojevich, who faces federal corruption charges.
0.6	"When I was police chief, I relied too heavily on the people who have the science and biology degrees," Bradford said.
1.4	CIT dropped 23 cents, or 24 percent, to 72 cents in New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday.
1.2	Fishing should be avoided anywhere there is a visible sheen.
1.0	Most mornings they rise before their rooster crows, bolting down a meager breakfast of coconut and chile-spiced vegetables over rice before venturing out on their journey: rowing to school aboard a hand-carved 15-foot sampan.
1.8	There were distressed people outside the Bermuda Dve house as paramedics attended to victims in the front driveway of the two-storey home.
2.2	"Those that are mentioned more frequently are the issue of the reserve bank governor, the attorney general, the governors and sanctions, media reform," he said.
1.2	At last week's cabinet meeting, a discussion over the latest economic data hinted at the tension between No 10 and the Treasury.
0.6	China asks the EU to abide by the principles of equality and mutual respect and not to send any misleading signals to Tibetan separatists, so as to ensure sound and stable development of EU-China relations, Ma said.
0.6	"Oiled birds need to get onshore because they lose their insulation."
1.0	About 60 oiled birds, about half that had died, were found at that site, according to the East Bay Regional Park District.
1.6	Although he denies committing the crimes, he pleaded guilty to using a passport and credit card that did not belong to him.
-1.4	That morning, following a tip, a police patrol chased two Maoist fighters and stumbled into a trap.
1.2	Swami's disciples like noted Kathavachak Prem Bhushanji claims the alterations mainly relate to punctuation marks, matras and spellings.
0.0	"The three of us don't want to take credit for the accomplishments of the previous generations."
1.4	Thirty people were hurt, with 11 suffering minor injuries after the first-floor timber balcony came crashing down at 8.30pm, PerthNow reports.
1.8	Among the coup backers, there were concerns over the elections and a growing realization that their scattering of allies in the U.S. Congress weren't winning the battle for administration support, said State Department and U.S. congressional officials.
0.0	"At this point, I can't give you an estimate until we get a better sense of where the stress testing is."
1.2	For years, the central government regarded them as mostly a nuisance.
1.6	Hamas has long preached that Abbas' moderation doesn't pay and that only armed struggle will produce a Palestinian state.
-0.2	How she scares people: "We're just here to ... spin fire."
0.2	"I think she can be a little naive, and she's been harassed by guys in the past who took advantage of her when she tried a little too hard."
1.0	Joan Austoker, author of the NHS leaflets, admitted it had been a mistake to withhold information about potentially unnecessary treatment for a type of breast cancer called ductal carcinoma in situ.
0.8	On Monday, Mr Adbullah said Mr Lodin had "no credibility".
1.6	Victor Meza, who was Zelaya's interior minister and led the team negotiating on his behalf, said the last-minute U.S. intervention was crucial.
-1.0	When you see shows that fit young characters into pre-made boxes, on a sitcom such as "Gary Unmarried," you're often seeing the work of lazy scriptwriters who don't extend the art of serial character development below a certain age.
0.4	Some analysts see Netanyahu's cooperation with Obama's demand for a resumption of talks on establishing a Palestinian state as intended mainly to ensure U.S. support against Iran.
1.8	A Tesco spokeswoman said: 'We wouldn't comment on which advisers we may or may not talk to or speculation about potential markets for Tesco.'
0.6	He returned to the mainland after the new China was founded.
1.0	In addition to tar balls along Crown Memorial Beach, oil was washing up in the Ballena Isle Marina in Alameda, Coast Guard officials said.
-0.2	"If you don't take it now, don't come back to us later looking for help."
1.4	Jennifer Wiegandt Seidman she said holds out hope that her husband, Chief Petty Officer John Seidman, has managed to survive.
1.6	Obama said overall the stimulus had created or saved more than one million jobs.
-0.2	The proposal also would require politicians to file quarterly reports on their fundraising and spending rather than their typical twice-a-year disclosures.
0.8	The Cayman Islands and the United Kingdom round out the top five.
-0.2	"There was a time where he kind of picked and chose," Rivers said.
0.8	The Tories have stated that they would bring down the deficit further and faster than Labour and would begin cutting public spending immediately if they win the election next year.
1.0	"We need to continue to attract outside investments, but it needs to be done in a transparent fashion," said independent senator Godwin Hulse.
-1.4	How he scares people : "It's more like a creepy scary in the cages or shaking a cage."
2.0	Residents in the area said some of the pirates wanted to ransom the couple, Paul and Rachel Chandler, for cash, while others were insisting on some sort of exchange for captured pirate colleagues.
1.0	Tesco, which has more than 2,000 stores across the world, has been determined to expand into the Middle East, where it has no stores, for some time, especially given the success of Marks & Spencer in Dubai, Bahrain and Oman.
0.4	There was also the file of Heinrich Fink, a theology professor who was exposed as the spy "Heiner" who regularly informed on students and colleagues.
0.8	Anambra is easily the worst affected state in the region.
1.6	A spokesman added: "We have called for more competition in banking, and for government stakes to be used to strategic effect to that end.
2.0	Federal Reserve policy makers, meeting this week, will probably debate whether the lack of jobs merits maintaining interest rates low for a long time, or if excess stimulus risks kindling inflation.
1.8	He has yet to announce whether will decide to run for a sixth term in the next presidential election in 2011.
0.6	Spending on construction projects probably fell 0.2 percent in September after a 0.8 percent gain the previous month, according to the survey median ahead of a Commerce Department report on Nov. 2.
0.4	The former civil servant said he had refused to declare the Royal Navy's Sea King Mk7 helicopters airworthy, but was overruled by superiors trying to save money.
1.2	The U.S. has lost a total of 7.2 million jobs since the recession began in December 2007.
-0.6	'We will want to see stuff on the ground, in the High Street. That is what is needed for proper competition.'
2.0	Arreola grew up in Mexico City where he learned about the Day of the Dead, a holiday that blends Catholic beliefs with indigenous traditions.
0.4	Now, Operation Green Hunt portends more confrontation.
1.2	Retired biophysicist Bill Levinson of Oakland tells us the likelihood of the first letters of seven lines spelling out that vulgarity by coincidence are less than 1 in 9 trillion - or about 2 million times worse than the odds of hitting the state lotto jackpot.
-2.2	"Whatever sounds good to my ears, I'll vote for that."
1.2	The ranking is based on a composite of total offshore activity and measures such as whether a jurisdiction obtains beneficial ownership information about companies and the degree of cooperation in turning over requested financial information.
1.4	He said that two years before two Sea Kings collided off Iraq in 2003, killing six Royal Navy officers and one American serviceman, he issued warnings about the risks.
1.2	Initial reports Saturday from Mirinae indicated more flooding but relatively few deaths.
-0.6	Seeing two jagged edges that match, her eyes light up and she tapes them together.
0.4	Similar increases have been factored into Fujitsu Consulting's modelling.
0.0	"The old school would say that freshmen could be seen but shouldn't be heard," Kirk said in a brief interview.
-0.8	"This was an attack not just against a union leader but against the work we do," said Norma Patino, an official with COCYP, an umbrella group of peasant and popular organizations.
-1.4	"Whether it's been stops in the red zone like against Northern Colorado or turnovers here.
-1.0	"And now it comes from the Internet and satellite channels."
1.0	Arreola planned to carry along candy skulls to place on a community offering at the finish line in honor of his fellow Marines.
-1.4	Are Serena, Vanessa, Blair, Chuck, or Jenny good guys or villains?
-0.4	Here, about 50 flat-screen televisions hang from the wall, a 60 percent increase in recent months.
1.6	He is declining campaign donations and focusing on a simple platform of lower taxes, smaller government and no red-light cameras.
-1.6	REPUBLICANS QUESTION FIGURES
-0.8	That frightens some teachers.
-0.4	The aircraft commander, Lt. Cmdr. Che Barnes, 35, is from Capay, Calif.
-1.0	"We are not bad people."
2.2	A further search of the house and property found two more bodies in a crawl space, and a sixth body was found in a shallow grave outside the home, Stacho said.
1.2	If there is no buyer this time, RBS could consider floating its insurance division as a separate company, our correspondent says.
2.0	Leaders around the globe also voiced approval.
0.8	On Thursday, detectives from the department's sex-crimes unit and members of its SWAT team went to Sowell's home to execute the warrant and to arrest the suspect, but he was nowhere to be found, Cleveland Police spokesman Lt. Thomas Stacho said.
0.0	She told Price she wanted to join the Police Explorers, a Boy Scouts group that lets boys and girls learn law enforcement with local police.
0.8	The Sunday Times has learnt that Miliband has secretly held a number of discussions with the socialist faction in the European parliament about running for the job.
0.0	But as most of us remember, youth isn't easily and quickly defined.
-1.0	The embarrassing snubs came as it emerged that Simon Lewis, Mr Brown's £125,000-a-year director of communications, is to take a more backseat role - just three months after joining No10.
-1.0	But the source added that he was 'not the suicide type'.
1.0	Marzuki Effendi, a sociology teacher here, said he and his brother rowed to school for years.
0.0	The  Government drugs adviser sacked for claiming cannabis is less harmful than alcohol has admitted that some of his children have taken drugs.
1.6	"The 50 years of authoritarian rule has been debilitating to the country."
2.0	Abbas suspended negotiations over Israel's offensive last December in the Gaza Strip.
1.0	As is tradition, they would set out the deceased's favorite food, drink and possessions from platefuls of tamales to mugs of champurrado, a hot, chocolate-based drink.
-0.4	Hebert had temporary custody of Bianca.
1.0	In June 1964, China successfully created its first medium- and short-range missile, marking the start of the country's first missile defense system nuclear weapon.
0.6	What's in the future?
0.0	She said that she closed her business for two years during the violent times, but that since late 2006 it has been growing.
2.0	Kay Bloom, 78, of Alameda, said she didn't see any oil when she walked on the beach that morning, but she is still upset that a spill could occur less than two years after the Cosco Busan incident.
1.0	The deal also had a $1,000 bonus and a wage freeze for new hires until 2015.
1.8	A British nuclear expert who fell from the 17th floor of a United Nations building did not commit suicide and may have been hurled to his death, says a doctor who carried out a second post-mortem examination.
1.8	Having invested considerable capital in seeking a solution for Palestinians and Israelis as part of a broader thrust to help stabilize the oil-rich Middle East, Obama faces an early setback in his presidency if the two sides refuse even to talk.
0.0	The poll of 800 registered voters, interviewed by SurveyUSA from Oct. 26-28, gives Democrat Garamendi a 10-point lead over Republican David Harmer.
0.6	Two decades after the heady days when crowds danced atop the Berlin Wall, Germany has reunited and many of its people have moved on.
1.2	A spokesman for Abbas, who faces intense domestic pressure from Hamas Islamists who say he is selling out, insisted that he would not resume suspended negotiations as long as Israel went on building in the occupied West Bank and East Jerusalem, where half a million Jews already live alongside some 3 million Arabs.
1.0	He was intrigued by one tract near downtown and one closer to the Museum District.
0.6	Red Teeth declined to say why the hostages were being moved inland.
0.2	The shelves are lower so it's easier for staff to spot customers in need and for shoppers to reach merchandise.
0.6	"This is like a lot of schools, where most of the kids are good kids - and then, we know which ones are going wrong," said Charles Johnson, one of Richmond High's security specialists.
-0.2	Drugs charities were also critical.
1.4	He also alleged that documents were withheld from the board of inquiry and the inquest to cover up the way in which airworthiness regulations were ignored.
-0.2	The Conservatives said the break up of the state-owned banks had already been "well trailed".
0.4	U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton praised the "historic agreement" and said she was "very proud" that the U.S. was "instrumental in the process."
1.6	Abbas is fighting a perception among his people that he repeatedly caves in to U.S. demands.
0.2	Ann Lawrence said: "The inquest was a case of people forgetting where they were and losing key papers. It was a joke."
1.8	But, our correspondent says, the hour-long speech contained no clue to the answer of the biggest question dominating the Egyptian political scene - who will succeed Mr Mubarak in office?
0.8	"There is a delicate balance to strike between showing leadership in this area and facilitating a scientific debate."
-0.6	The seat opened following the death of Rep. Steve Hailey, R-Mesa.
1.8	Apart from heading the Tulsi Peeth, the swami is also vice-chancellor of a university for handicapped in Chitrakoot and a chain of blind colleges and enjoys a wide popularity in the region.
0.6	Between 20 and 30 percent of Yemen's water is lost through waste, he said, compared with 7 to 9 percent in Europe.
1.6	Chief constables support the decision, but Keith Hellawell, the drugs czar, resigns and police organisations later criticise it.
1.4	"No one's going to hire anybody until they have to, so it's a very tough environment for households," said Joshua Shapiro, chief U.S. economist at Maria Fiorini Ramirez Inc., a New York forecasting firm.
0.8	"People who turned up would have expected a scary night, but not this scary," Insp Wood said.
-0.2	"There is uniform support, uniform horror at what happened. We have been abused by government, misused by government."
1.4	Timothy Hampton, 47, a scientist involved in monitoring nuclear activity, was found dead last week at the bottom of a stairwell in Vienna.
0.2	Ms Sheriff, who moves to Downing Street tomorrow, was fourth choice for the high-profile head of news job.
1.2	But Crist was carried off the field in the fourth when the sophomore's left leg got trapped under the 285-pound frame of Washington State defensive end Toby Turpin.
1.0	But a major bridge connecting Teluk Meranti with other villages has yet to be finished.
0.4	He said the council needs to discuss how to raise or set aside money to fix roads and drainage.
1.0	"People must remember most balconies are designed in reality for a family group," Insp Davies said.
0.8	The challenge was finding cars he did not have and which suited an increasingly refined taste.
0.0	The bench allowed the Celtics' stars to rest heavily in the fourth quarter for the second straight night.
1.0	"These are very independent people, and these old family ties mean a lot there," said Berendt, who also is not working on the contest.
1.6	But a series of back injuries he sustained during training exercises that required him to repeatedly sprint and drop to the ground while toting a rifle and pack at Fort Lewis eventually confined his life to a wheelchair.
1.0	Ductal carcinoma in situ accounts for 20% of the diagnoses made through screening.
1.2	It will take awhile to determine whether the cars in effect belong to the foundation or to the separate corporation, Treece said.
1.2	She was to receive a $110,000-a-year salary, along with a housing stipend.
1.6	The CJI enlarged his initial discreet inquiry when many charges were made against Justice Dinakaran but he bluntly denied the Collector's report on land grabbing.
1.2	But their plodding pace allows the sights and sounds of the jungle to reveal themselves, and the thrum of life they know is packed into the dense foliage onshore.
0.8	But on this afternoon, even with the temperature in the 90s and the humidity stifling, the river was easygoing for the return journey.
-0.4	Every Halloween we line up at haunted houses so that zombies, vampires and various other undead can scare us out of our wits.
1.8	On Saturday in Jerusalem, Clinton agreed with Netanyahu that it was unprecedented for Abbas to shun talks due to settlements.
1.4	This summer the Lords sought to change the law by authorising courts to start proceedings against companies paying ransoms without telling the British authorities.
1.2	And candidates and special interest groups now would have to report campaign donations of more than $1,000 within five business days of receiving them.
2.0	Despite the destructive effects of qat, the Yemeni government supports it, through diesel subsidies, loans and customs exemptions, Mr. Eryani said.
-0.8	The company says it's the third-largest U.S. railcar-leasing firm and the world's third-biggest aircraft financier.
1.4	Icahn is chairman of the St. Charles, Missouri-based railcar maker.
1.4	Last year, a Nativity display at the capitol stirred controversy after a Wisconsin-based atheist group put up a nearby placard mocking religion.
0.6	Overseas shipments declined 8.3 percent from a year earlier to $34 billion, the Ministry of Knowledge Economy said today in Gwacheon.
-1.0	Treece said O'Quinn's personal property has been left to the foundation that served his charitable giving.
1.2	In 1956, based on Qian's position paper on the country's defense and aviation industry, the central government set up an aviation industry committee, which later became the leading organization for China's missile and aviation programs.
2.2	Professor Colin Blakemore, professor of neuroscience at Oxford University and former chief executive of the Medical Research Council, said it was vital that government policy was based on evidence.
1.6	Since Obama took office, a total of 25 detainees have been sent from Guantanamo to countries overseas and one detainee has been transferred to New York to stand trial on terrorism charges.
1.8	After Nichols connected with Tyler Hart for a 38-yard touchdown pass to give the Eagles a 7-2 lead, Johnson then intercepted Hubel for the second time in the first quarter.
2.0	Jines' friend, Linda Jones, told The Associated Press that Jines boarded her disabled yacht and helped her maneuver to an area where they thought they had made anchor.
1.2	Last week's decision to take controversy-scarred Justice Dinakaran off the panel, has been conveyed to the Centre, clearing the way for filling four of seven existing vacancies in the Supreme Court.
1.2	Pierce made it his personal duty to drain the Bulls of any confidence.
-0.4	They try to stay near shore but often have to venture out into the open river where the currents are stronger.
1.0	"Some people said they felt a vibration (before it collapsed). (The owners) said they had a party not that long ago with just as many people, so it was a bit of a surprise."
1.6	The writer Arundhati Roy recently called for unconditional talks and told CNN-IBN that the Maoists were justified in taking up arms because of government oppression.
1.4	The trio advocates citywide recycling and an independent civilian review board to examine police abuses.
0.4	A few hours from now, tens of thousands of runners will hit New York streets.
0.0	He said he has been warning Pakistan not to play with India and that the Mumbai attacks should be the "last game".
0.6	In the short span of time, she found entire verses missing in Ayodhyakand.
1.0	Donations for the Richmond High School rape victim may be sent to: Richmond High Jane Doe, account No. 041-30-1188, Mechanics Bank, 3170 Hilltop Mall Road, Richmond, CA 94806.
-1.0	"Just because you have pastors at a few megachurches by your side doesn't mean you've done anything for this community," Baker said.
1.0	Police had originally been looking to question Sowell after a woman accused him of rape and assault a month ago.
-0.2	The cost to protect CIT debt against default for five years has risen 4.5 percentage points to 38.5 percent upfront since Sept. 30, according to CMA DataVision.
0.8	The unit inherited 2-point lead at the start of the period and stretched it to double digits within minutes.
-0.8	"We are going back to what George Bush did when for eight years he put science back into the doldrums because his administration would not take advice except from trusted people," Willis said.
2.0	An Iraqi man accused of running down his daughter in Arizona because she had become "too Westernized" is being held on two counts of aggravated assault, police said Saturday.
0.8	"I want all my patients to walk a minimum of 30 minutes every single day."
1.6	Recently on "Gossip Girl," the womanizing Chuck Bass - played with serpentine charm by Ed Westwick - rejected categorization in a small but critical way regarding his sexuality.
0.4	The modelling is based on three key assumptions: the cash rate rising to 5.25 per cent by December, 2010; unemployment rising by one per cent to seven per cent and inflation hitting 3.5 per cent over the same period.
1.0	The patients include pregnant women and those with conditions such as asthma and diabetes.
1.2	A spokesman for Lord Ashcroft referred all queries to the Conservative party.
1.2	Charles Clarke becomes home secretary and announces review of cannabis decision.
0.8	"He's not coming back," she recalled telling her mother.
1.0	San Francisco Mayor Gavin Newsom's withdrawal from the governor's race followed a meeting with top advisers where he was told that, unless he raised $5 million quickly and appeared to be viable, some of the state's biggest unions would throw their support behind Attorney General Jerry Brown.
2.0	Since Peek started the debt swap Oct. 1, the company's notes due Nov. 3 dropped 12 cents to 68 cents on the dollar, according to Trace, the bond-price reporting system of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority.
1.4	As a convicted sex offender, Sowell was required to report regularly to the sheriff's office, which said he had complied.
0.8	But Chuck took the ambiguity to a new level after Blair manipulated him into kissing a guy, which he did with ease.
-1.8	"He went off on her, started hitting her, and then it was on. They pulled a train (a gang initiation-style rape, one after the other) on her."
1.6	Earlier this year, the Obama administration called for the Israelis to halt building more housing on land the Palestinians regard as theirs.
2.2	Mr. Mugabe is quoted by the state-controlled media as dismissing the perception that the convening of the summit was a victory for the MDC as propaganda and cheap politicking.
1.4	Officer Bhushari said violence in the area had risen so sharply that the police now left the fortified defenses of their outpost only in large groups, even for social outings.
0.8	In the Galleon matter, the fund's founder has been charged while in the Yee matter the hedge fund and its current partners have not been implicated in the scheme.
0.2	Under the agreement, the Honduran Congress, following a "consultation" with the Supreme Court, will vote on whether Zelaya should be reinstated, which would allow him to serve out the rest of his term, which ends in January.
1.4	About 40 guests were at the Halloween party, aged between 59 and 77.
2.0	A total of 217 children have been treated in hospital, including 27 who are in critical care.
-1.0	Mr. Tsvangirai is the leader of the Movement for Democratic Change (MDC) party.
0.2	She told a school district safety panel last week that some girls trying to find out who had watched the rape were being threatened in the hallways - and that, too, she blames on a desensitized mentality.
1.2	The last Soviet leader also remembered two absent Cold War leaders: former British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher, who has dementia, and ex-French President Francois Mitterand, who died in 1996.
1.4	"This has been a big fight among Republicans over the past few weeks, with prominent Republicans such as Sarah Palin and Tim Pawlenty coming out in favor of the third-party candidate Hoffman, and Newt Gingrich supporting the GOP-backed Scozzafava."
1.6	At the same time, he noted that China did not block the U.N. Security Council's condemnation of the killing of opposition protesters or the move to set up an inquiry commission.
1.4	Commerce Minister Chen Deming warned yesterday that the global economy may "plunge" if nations withdraw support measures too quickly.
1.4	With the government offensive drawing closer, the people who feel most at risk are the tribal villagers who live in the forests of Chattisgarh, where the police and Maoists, sometimes called Naxalites, are already skirmishing.
0.8	The currents are fickle and the boys often must wait an hour after school to catch the right conditions to head home.
1.6	"The simple fact is this: We are willing to engage in peace talks immediately without preconditions," he said.
1.8	Dr Sunita Shastri, considered an authority on the epic and advisor to Geeta Press, claimed to have accessed the controversial edition for two hours.
0.6	"The water is high. We need help," he said in a public address via Radio DZBB.
1.6	Arreola finished in about 38 minutes, half as fast as his typical time of 19 minutes.
1.6	Former leading East German dissident Baerbel Bohley said Germany cannot afford to halt the project.
-0.4	"In all my time, I've never seen anything like that," Adams said.
-0.2	Wallechinsky, the author, said he is disappointed that Yuan's memoir does not go farther in spilling secrets of China's winning Olympic bid.
0.8	Yemen has suffered ecological crises before and survived.
1.2	Last week, the Blue Cross Foundation gathered about two dozen of the state's major health care players and policy makers at the University of Massachusetts Club in Boston to begin discussing the potential ramifications of the emerging federal law.
0.4	The four-engine plane was conducting its search from an altitude of 900 to 1,000 feet and visibility was 15 miles.
1.0	The government needs permission for its state aid package for the banks from European competition commissioner Neelie Kroes.
-0.2	This 'good bank', which will offer savings and mortgages, will also have branches on the High Street and will be sold to private owners as soon as possible.
1.6	Another round of visa revocations, this time targeting families of de facto government officials, was also being threatened, a senior State Department official said.
0.0	Asked whether he was thinking about resigning, he said: 'I'm sure we're all thinking that.'
0.2	But scores of others from surrounding villages must negotiate the river.
0.2	"Obviously, I've already kind of talked about the yards already this year being something more important to me later in life," Nichols said.
1.2	State officials and advocates warn that it is far too early to draw firm conclusions about how the federal proposals would affect Massachusetts.
-0.2	The two men had previously founded a financial consulting firm together.
0.8	Some 500,000 Israelis live in settlements in the West Bank and east Jerusalem.
0.6	The doctors were able to save his legs, but the ensuing rehabilitation was brutal.
0.2	The tariffs will take effect on Monday this week, the ministry said.
0.4	"Another join, another small success," she says with a wry smile -- even though at least two-thirds of the sheet is still missing.
1.6	"Icahn had two goals in mind: Influence over the board and participation in the expansion loan facility," said Kevin Starke, an analyst at CRT Capital Group LLC in Stamford, Connecticut, said in a telephone interview.
0.4	Just as his men were planning their next move, the IED decimated their Humvee.
0.0	Schulz, who said Miliband would make a "superb candidate", refused to elaborate on the private talks.
2.2	At stake were the integrity of democracy in a region that only in recent decades emerged from civil wars and military rule and the well-being of some of Latin America's poorest citizens.
1.2	For millenniums, Yemen preserved traditions of careful water use.
-0.2	He was a disruptive student who once threw a flaming ball of paper at a teacher.
0.6	"I think somebody was careless and not doing their job right," Bloom, a volunteer doing plant restoration work at the sanctuary.
0.2	"My opinion was that we should talk about human rights ourselves," he writes.
0.8	Alistair Darling is to trigger a banking revolution in the next few days that will see well-known names return to the High Street.
1.0	Entrance to their salmon-colored building is via a high-security electric gate.
1.6	Anthony Sowell, 50, was arrested in Cleveland, Ohio, after police received a tip-off as to his whereabouts.
0.6	But the collector car world is now focused on another matter: What will become of the museum and the collection?
1.4	New research conducted by analysts Fujitsu Consulting and seen by The Sunday Telegraph has concluded that the number of people who default on their mortgage payments will almost double from 25,000 today to 40,000 by the end of 2010.
0.6	Political observers favor Oliver Pennington as a front-runner.
1.0	Exiled Tibetan spiritual leader the Dalai Lama has criticized Chinese leaders for misleading the world about the situation in Tibet.
1.8	"External demand will provide an additional source of support for growth in the months ahead," he said, adding that the government may "start tightening policy from early 2010."
1.6	President Barack Obama said on Saturday this week's positive job and economic growth figures proved that his big spending efforts to stimulate the economy were working.
1.6	The event ushered in the end of Soviet communism and Germany's reunification.
1.0	The home secretary asked Nutt to resign because he had "lost confidence" in his ability to give impartial advice.
1.6	But in a grim twist none of the bodies discovered so far have been identified because they were in such an advanced state of decay.
1.4	"First-home buyers will be particularly hard hit because so many were caught up in the hype of the stimulus and talk of a rapidly rising market and didn't give enough thought to how they would cope with rising rates," he says.
0.8	Many intellectuals and even some politicians once sympathized with their cause, but the growing Maoist violence has forced a wrenching reconsideration of whether they can still be tolerated.
0.2	Still healing after about 25 surgeries, the Mexican native also sees the race as a celebration of his own life, prolonged.
-0.8	The news will be a hammer blow for many families struggling with repayments, with thousands predicted to fall deep into arrears.
0.0	Weis said Clausen hurt his toe earlier in the game but it was nothing that would've prevented him from going back on the field if needed.
0.0	Workers test the patch by slowly tightening steel rods that keep the brace secure.
-0.4	Self worried about the oil's impact on eelgrass beds around Alameda, which provide important spawning habitat for herring.
1.2	Aung San Suu Kyi has recently backed direct dialogue with the military government.
0.2	O'Quinn's education began when he was 10 years old, courtesy of his father's humid garage, where he spent afternoons and weekends until he finished high school.
0.8	She told Quinn's office that she has accepted a position elsewhere but did not provide details.
1.0	In addition to providing a historical record, the files can help people clear their names.
1.4	Mr Mubarak made no mention of the presidential election in his speech on Saturday, but promised a "free, fair and competitive" parliamentary vote next year.
1.2	But new data this week showing the U.S. economy growing in the third quarter for the first time in more than a year, signaling the end of the worst recession in 70 years, was good news for the Obama administration.
1.2	Endorsements were cited repeatedly by backers of former city attorney Gene Locke.
1.2	Oliver Miles, a former ambassador to Libya, recently revealed that Mr Blair had visited the country 'a number of times' since leaving Downing Street, adding: 'He certainly has a relationship with both the leader [Gaddafi] and the leader's son.'
0.8	Miliband was widely expected to run for the Labour leadership next year in the event of the party losing power after the general election, securing widespread support from the Blairite right of the party.
-0.2	The younger boy takes the sturdy little boat by himself and rows alongside a friend, like a kid trying out a new bike in the neighborhood without supervision.
0.8	Professor Peter Openshaw, an expert on respiratory infections at Imperial College London and a member of the committee, said: "As increasing quantities of vaccine become available, then the initial recommendations will be extended [to children and teenagers].
-0.2	Seidman said Saturday she was thinking about "all the things that we wanted to tell him that we can't."
0.8	Some of the men placed her on one of the two red cement benches set alongside the main brick building of the school and said they were going to have sex anyway, according to the accounts.
1.4	A spokesman for the Department of Health said: "The vaccination programme is in its early stages, allowing time to plan for which groups will be offered the vaccine next. A decision has not yet been made."
1.6	"China's recovery has been impressive, but has been heavily reliant on government-directed investment," said Brian Jackson, Hong Kong-based strategist for emerging markets at Royal Bank of Canada.
0.8	The Essar plant is part of broader undertaking by the government and several private mining companies to extract the resources beneath land teeming with guerrillas.
1.6	GORDON BROWN is planning a final public spending spree to help pull the economy out of recession and put pressure on the Conservatives over their plans for deep cuts.
-0.2	Teluk Meranti's four schools serve children ages 5 to 18.
1.6	Although Peter has a shelf of city league soccer trophies, he and the others are mediocre pupils at best, sources said.
0.8	Meanwhile, the water wells are running dry, and deep, ominous cracks have begun opening in the parched earth, some of them hundreds of yards long.
2.0	In some provinces, floodwaters from Ketsana and Parma raged through cemeteries, breaking up tombs and sweeping away caskets and bodies.
0.8	Not far from his nursery, the wrecked frame of a building testified to the effects of a car bomb, but amid his trees Mr. Abbas was serene.
-0.8	"So people are making efforts on their own but the situation is such that individuals cannot handle alone."
0.6	The House bill unveiled last week, for instance, provides for approximately $400 million more for Massachusetts each year in Medicaid payments which would help underwrite health care reform here.
1.6	An initial autopsy concluded that there were 'no suspicious circumstances'.
0.4	"There are plenty of reasons to be suspicious of the records elsewhere that rely exclusively on satellite data," he said.
1.0	Even when car bombs were exploding in the neighborhood, his mother insisted on watering the garden daily.
0.2	He told them he would be night-flying the following evening.
0.8	Six decades after Israel was established in 1948, four since it occupied the remaining Arab lands of what was British-ruled Palestine and nearly 20 years since the first glimmerings of a peace process, a final agreement on core conflicts over borders, refugees and control of Jerusalem remains stubbornly elusive.
0.6	The counterinsurgency campaign, called Operation Green Hunt, calls for sending police and paramilitary forces into the jungles to confront the Maoists and drive them out of newer footholds toward remote forest areas where they can be contained.
1.2	Washington State beat SMU in overtime but hasn't been close any other week, losing by an average of 25 points.
0.8	According to the complaint, Yee did not make any trades himself.
1.4	Payrolls fell by 175,000 workers last month, deepening the worst employment slump since the 1930s, according to the median of 63 estimates in a Bloomberg News survey ahead of a Nov. 6 Labor Department report.
-0.8	"The first two were just mixing up coverages and him not knowing which way I was coming. He didn't see me on the first two," Johnson said.
1.6	The United States is already offering immunisation to everyone aged from six months to 24 years, in addition to at-risk groups.
1.0	Yee's lawyer said he is innocent and will contest the charges.
-0.4	His co-pilot, Lt. Adam Bryant, 28, is from Crewe, Va.
1.4	Abbas, however, took part in a negotiating process launched at Annapolis in late 2007 by Obama's predecessor George W. Bush.
0.8	"At the same time we will need to show that we can take the tough decision to control spending in future years."
1.4	"They surrounded us from every side," said Ajay Bhushari, 31, who survived the ambush and is now the commanding officer in Laheri.
1.8	Across Yemen, the underground water sources that sustain 24 million people are running out, and some areas could be depleted in just a few years.
1.0	Metzler, 45, is a "puzzler," one of a team of eight government workers that has attempted for the last 14 years to manually restore documents hurriedly shredded by East Germany's secret police, or Stasi, in the dying days of one of the Soviet bloc's most repressive regimes.
0.8	They are stationed at Coast Guard Air Station Sacramento, California, where their aircraft is based.
1.0	"The people were the heroes," said Mr Gorbachev, 78.
0.8	"I don't recommend that people run marathons," said Dr. Paul Thompson, the director of cardiology at Hartford Hospital in Connecticut.
0.6	It has been suggested that Mr Hampton may have been involved in talks discussing nuclear testing in Iran.
0.4	Several organizations joined Saturday to demand a thorough investigation "to the final consequences" and to ask for protection for leaders.
0.2	The bombings killed at least 160 people, the deadliest attacks in Iraq since 2007.
-0.4	Team members couldn't figure out what was wrong and turned to him.
-0.2	"We're representing many victims against the SEC," Lax said.
1.0	Another man arrived on a motorcycle from a more distant village.
2.0	Even during the high periods of sectarian violence, he said, he and his family entertained guests in the garden.
-0.2	Mills Worsham, a businessman in the District G race, is a "big believer in privatization" of government services.
0.8	Madigan and Cullerton -- as well as reluctant Republican leaders, Sen. Christine Radogno of Lemont and Rep. Tom Cross of Oswego -- would be allowed to spend unlimited sums of money from their special leadership campaign accounts on individual legislators or candidates in highly competitive general election races.
1.6	Although the pieces are already nearly a year overdue, Metropolitan Transportation Commission Executive Director Steve Heminger tells us, "We are not going to bring that steel over here until we make sure everything is right."
0.4	And the message Paul Pierce wanted to get across in the locker room during the break was simple: Throw dirt on them.
0.8	From the top of the key and from the wing, Pierce let the 3-pointers fly, drilling all five he took in the third quarter.
0.8	Inspectors hired by Caltrans will evaluate the work, followed by a group of independent inspectors who check it again.
0.4	Major celebrations are planned for 9 November, the 20th anniversary of the wall's collapse.
1.2	"Rates are very low and it wants to get up to a more normal level as quickly as possible. It's better to announce a big hike now than wait until rates are higher and then jack rates up."
-0.8	The fight might just move outdoors.
-0.4	Then they found a freshly dug grave containing another body in the basement.
-0.4	It doesn't take much to trace the cause, they say.
-0.6	"The important thing ... is to get into the negotiations," she said.
0.8	Aides to the state's congressional delegation noted that Massachusetts is already digging deep into its own accounts to help fund its health care system.
2.0	Meanwhile, the market price of water has quadrupled in the past four years, pushing more and more people to drill illegally into rapidly receding aquifers.
1.8	Ashcroft is facing a mounting backlash in his adopted home of Belize.
1.6	Council chair Sir Michael Rawlins says he is stepping down and Nutt succeeds him in October.
1.8	His withdrawal leaves Democrats with Attorney General Jerry Brown as their likely nominee while three Republicans vie for their party's nomination in June.
0.6	It was all kept hush-hush because Rogge, as a European representative, couldn't publicly endorse Beijing when two European cities -- Paris and Istanbul -- were also contenders, Yuan writes.
0.8	Nutt is forced to resign by home secretary Alan Johnson after claiming that evidence on drug harm was being distorted and that the issue had been politicised.
0.8	The jobs report on Nov. 6 may also show factory employment dropped by 46,000 workers last month compared with a 51,000 decrease in September.
0.4	The three attackers also died.
2.0	Appointed freshman Rep. David Taylor, R-Moxee, running to complete the former term of Dan Newhouse, who was appointed Democratic Gov. Chris Gregoire's agriculture director.
1.6	He received a standing ovation at his first caucus luncheon, has renewed old friendships among Republicans, and drawn support from senior Democrats, including Senators Dick Durbin of Illinois and Christopher Dodd of Connecticut, during his first floor speech last week.
0.8	"It took years to dig our way into the crisis we've faced. It will take more than a few months to dig our way out," said Obama, who blames Republicans for the economic crisis he inherited.
0.4	Madoff described Markopolos as "a joke in the industry."
0.0	These writers play into viewers' expectations of type, rather than challenge them.
-0.2	"I'm hoping that someone somewhere will wake up and see what's going on," Chaudhry said.
-0.4	Its go-ahead, however, depends on political will.
1.6	Labour MP Gisela Stuart, a member of the House of Commons select committee on foreign affairs, said: "The fact that the Tories' major donor and major influence behind the party's election campaign, who has such untransparent financial affairs, is now influencing Tory foreign policy is extremely worrying, particularly in the light of David Cameron's avowed commitment to openness."
1.0	On Saturday, district officials confirmed plans to install higher fences around the entire school before next summer, and to firm up security in general - but the challenges will still be steep.
-0.2	That sent shock waves through the running world and led some to ask if marathons were good for a person's health.
-1.0	"They better hope the cops find them first, because when we find them the same thing that happened to that girl is gonna happen to them."
1.2	"We thought that sooner or later, everyone would have to recognize the elections, even without the return of Zelaya, but we realized it was going to be a very painful, costly process," Martha Alvarado, deputy foreign minister and frequent spokesperson for the de facto government, said in a telephone interview from the capital, Tegucigalpa.
1.6	Costello, a civil engineer with drainage expertise, said his professional background will help him tackle flooding and traffic problems.
-2.2	He bought and bought and never stopped.
1.2	Insp Davies warned residents not to overcrowd balconies and check their house plan for how much weight their balcony was designed to hold.
-1.4	"I'm always looking for him."
1.4	"We see that happen in our own country where, for whatever combination of reasons, one of the candidates decides not to go forward," Mrs Clinton told reporters in the United Arab Emirates.
2.0	A recent geological study of the environmental degradation in Anambra reported it will cost about $2 billion to address the gully erosion problem in the area.
1.2	Baloi said while it was clear the national unity government had brought about positive change in Zimbabwe, it faced some hurdles.
-1.0	"I couldn't really see much, but I heard this one lady constantly screaming," he said.
0.8	The agreements should make the bankruptcy process easier by removing opposition to the bondholder plan, Michael Taiano, an analyst at Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP said in a telephone interview.
1.0	Washington State freshman Jeff Tuel was 12-of-23 for 104 yards and two touchdowns, both to Jared Karstetter.
1.6	Alistair Darling, the chancellor, warned ministers of tough times ahead and stated that any new projects would need to be "paid for by savings elsewhere".
0.6	"It may take one year, two years, three years or four," predicted Vishwa Ranjan, chief of the state police in Chattisgarh, adding that casualties would be inevitable.
1.4	Shipments to Japan declined 22.5 percent over the same period.
-0.6	"He got into a groove, he operated well," Baldwin said of Nichols.
1.4	Investigators believe Smith, a student at the school, may have been the boy who enticed the victim into the courtyard.
1.2	"I'm fighting for the heart and soul of the Republican Party," Hoffman told The Associated Press last week.
0.4	The British government on Saturday reiterated its refusal to pay a ransom, saying in a statement that officials would not make any "substantive concessions to hostage-takers, and that includes the payment of ransom," The Associated Press reported.
1.6	ACMD report confirms advice that cannabis remain in Class C, but home secretary Jacqui Smith overrules it for the first time in its history and moves drug to Class B.
2.2	After a week in which Ashcroft's complex finances and use of offshore tax havens have come under renewed scrutiny, opposition MPs condemned David Cameron for allowing the peer to attend crucial meetings with Britain's closest and most important ally as the Tories shape foreign policy in preparation for government.
1.6	Critics have said high-level U.S. visits from other countries give legitimacy to the military regime that jails opponents.
0.6	Leigh went to Norwich University, a military school in Vermont, and joined the Marines right after graduation in 1996.
1.0	Usually immigration authorities don't look into a person's employment history when considering an application for citizenship, Adams said.
0.0	Wearing a denim jumper, Bianca Isabella Lozano held her father's hand as they walked to a sport utility vehicle.
0.2	"When you have a team on its back," Pierce said, "it's important to keep them down there."
0.8	"You can't defend the tactics," said Mr. Varshney, the Brown University professor.
1.8	A committee of scientists advising the Department of Health is expected to recommend that the vaccination of 10 to 18-year-olds begins by the end of the year.
1.8	Delaware is attractive because it does not tax profits realized outside the state and does not require companies to be physically present, according to the Tax Justice Network.
0.2	Robert Kane works in hotel management.
2.0	A former chief of the state human services agency has decided not to accept a new job offered by Gov. Pat Quinn to head an expanded trade office in Africa.
1.6	General Administration spokesman Steve Valandra said that by allowing the displays outside, the state is simply trying to accommodate free speech while maintaining some decorum.
1.2	House Speaker Michael Madigan, Senate President John Cullerton and Quinn, all three Chicago Democrats, reached a deal with reform groups who helped sink a version of the bill that Quinn vetoed in August.
1.0	Police spokesman Lt. Thomas Stacho said Anthony Sowell was walking down the street on the east side of Cleveland when authorities spotted him and took him into custody.
-0.8	Sowell, however, was not at home.
2.2	Deputy Assistant Secretary Fitzgerald, in a Washington press briefing, said he believes the attack was an effort by the government to intimidate the opposition even though Captain Camara told him in Conakry he did not order the bloody crackdown.
1.2	On Thursday, authorities in Baghdad announced they had detained more than 60 members of the police and army, including 11 senior officers, responsible for security in the area of the bombings.
0.6	South Korea, Asia's fourth-largest oil buyer, imported 74.3 million barrels of crude oil in October, 5 percent lower than a year earlier, today's statement from the Korean ministry said.
-1.2	"That alone is not going to help," he said.
-0.4	Back then, many trips took two hours each way.
1.4	English teacher Jessica Price, who knows the victim and most of the arrested suspects, said the girl has helped in conflict-mediation groups.
1.0	"I pay no attention" to race, said Buckner, an African-American.
1.0	Back in 1963, a sitcom named "The Patty Duke Show" defined what a girl could be.
1.8	In Britain, vaccination is likely to focus initially on children aged 10 to 18.
0.8	Nealey, who claimed 46 percent of the vote against Bill Grant in the 2008 general election, says he's willing and able to work with Democrats if elected.
-0.2	State officials say that could increase the costs of subsidized insurance significantly.
0.4	The main characters at McKinley High School are struggling not to be reduced to one of two bookends, either the artsy Cathy or the gregarious Patty.
1.4	A neighbour said the sound of the collapse was indescribable.
1.0	China will sustain its economic rebound this quarter and growth is likely to top the government's 8 percent target for 2009, the central bank said Oct. 30.
0.0	"The Naxalite activities have increased. They have their meetings in the village. They tell the people they have to fight. The people here do not vote out of fear."
1.0	"It's a natural collection place for oil, and (National Weather Service) trajectories showed that it was going to be a target," said Deb Self, executive director for San Francisco Baykeeper.
0.6	On a flying one-day visit across the Middle East, President Barack Obama's secretary of state appeared to complete what is at least a shift in emphasis from the new U.S. administration, which in its first months in office this year strongly endorsed Palestinian demands that all Jewish settlement must be halted.
0.8	The move to vaccinate children was backed by the Royal College of General Practitioners.
-0.4	"We feel we can be more competitive in these areas."
1.0	Driving around southeast Nigeria, examples of soil erosion at its worst are a common sight.
-0.6	The family last spoke to their son Wednesday by phone.
-0.2	"He didn't pay what we thought the market value was worth on a particular car. If he wanted it, he bought it."
0.6	He earlier went on a 16-yard touchdown run that began with him running smack into two linebackers before spinning around, leaving the would-be tacklers colliding and grasping for air as Tate dashed to the end zone.
0.0	Instead of a joyous milestone, the race reminded Arreola how much vibrancy had been taken from him.
0.4	She is in serious but stable condition, police said.
1.4	"Mr. Qian used to hold academic seminars for us. We exchanged scientific ideas and wrote articles together. The whole time when we worked with Mr. Qian had a great influence on us," Yu Jingyuan, a senior researcher with the China Aerospace Science and Technology Corporation told Xinhua Saturday afternoon on hearing the news.
0.6	His windows still bear masking tape X's, to prevent them from shattering easily.
0.4	Switzerland has been the poster child for financial secrecy over the past year.
0.8	"We had a mutual understanding that we all understood clearly, even if it was not in writing," says Yuan, who credited ancient Chinese military strategies for shaping the tactics.
-1.4	But when the rowing gets tough, the boat goes silent.
2.0	Employers in the U.S. kept cutting jobs in October and manufacturing picked up, pointing to an uneven economic recovery that will take time to encourage hiring, economists said before reports this week.
0.2	"I don't know if they were trying to create controversy. Some people try to stir up things to promote themselves because it's free publicity."
0.2	He said he would be, and that reporters "would have a political story Sunday."
2.4	Maoists sabotaged Essar's 166-mile underground pipeline, which transfers slurry from one of India's most coveted iron ore deposits to the Bay of Bengal.
1.6	The Coast Guard and other agencies came under attack for the poor communication and sluggish response to that spill, which occurred two years ago this month.
-1.0	They had caught a 20-foot python.
-0.8	"We are not fighting an enemy here. We are fighting citizens."
1.8	While the interviews are not statistically significant enough to provide a meaningful idea of how the election will play out Tuesday, they do provide a voter's view of an unusual mayoral race.
2.0	Crews will search the Pacific's chilly waters overnight for nine people lost two days ago when a Marine Corps helicopter and a U.S. Coast Guard plane crashed in midair, though hope of finding survivors fades with each hour, a top Coast Guard commander said Saturday.
-0.2	The new fix isn't a vast departure from the original design; rather, it includes modifications designed to keep the brace from jiggling around.
-0.2	When he was appointed, "People said, 'He's the 60th vote.' It could be the difference - as long as the other 59 are in place," Kirk said.
0.4	The Dalai Lama's criticism came in response to a question from the Xinhua agency - the official news agency of the Chinese government.
1.6	"There is so much potential in the files, to find out who did what to whom, and in order for historians in later years to be able to understand how a totalitarian regime comes about in the first place."
1.6	All three House positions represent districts east of the Cascades, and each was vacated before the previous occupant's term expired - two by deaths, and one by a promotion.
-0.8	And the irony of it is that if you had asked Doc Rivers, Pierce wasn't even the best player on the floor.
0.8	'At the moment I don't have the police reports. We did a CT scan. From the external exam, I saw injuries on the neck but these were not due to strangulation.'
-2.4	This is no Mississippi.
1.0	Total U.S. deposits of non-residents rose from about $1 trillion in 2001 to $2.6 trillion in 2007, according to the study.
0.6	About 75 percent of members voting nationwide rejected the deal, one of the people said.
0.8	"And then there's [the question of] who picks up the tab for exceeding those minimums."
0.8	"But we've got every reason to be proud about German reunification."
1.6	In some areas they built dams, including the great Marib dam in northern Yemen, which lasted for more than 1,000 years until it collapsed in the sixth century A.D.
0.6	She hoped that lessons would be learned from Nutt's forced resignation.
0.8	But he added: "I think the government has lacked courage in backing David's committee's advice."
1.2	If the Maoists were once dismissed as a ragtag band of outdated ideologues, Indian leaders are now preparing to deploy nearly 70,000 paramilitary officers for a prolonged counterinsurgency campaign to hunt down the guerrillas in some of the country's most rugged, isolated terrain.
1.0	Keith Vaz, who chairs the home affairs select committee, described Nutt's comments as "unwise".
1.4	Politicians from other parties expressed shock at the decision.
1.6	On the same day, he met the country's finance minister, this time representing JP Morgan.
1.2	She pledged to put up a large sign if a Nativity is allowed this year on the Capitol campus.
0.2	The clear danger of blurring Mr Blair's political and commercial roles has not stopped him taking on further contracts through Tony Blair Associates (TBA) - including some in the Middle East.
-0.6	The bridge has been closed ever since, the longest closure since the 1989 Loma Prieta earthquake shut it for a month.
0.2	The sixty-year-old blind swami flatly refuses to buckle down.
-0.4	The ACMD recommends that cannabis should remain as Class C, and reports that cannabis consumption has fallen since reclassification.
-0.2	The Maoists, however, do not want to secede or be absorbed.
0.4	"You cannot put a price on the importance of this," she said.
1.4	Cuyahoga County Coroner Frank Miller identified two bodies as black females and said one had died of a violent death ruled a homicide.
2.2	Insiders say Mr Campbell, who was forced to quit No 10 after the death of MoD weapons expert David Kelly, has made several visits to advise Mr Brown on how to combat David Cameron in their weekly Commons clashes.
-0.8	Now, the country he served is kicking him out.
0.0	Sgt. Matthew Adams of the Quad Cities was a respected mentor for the men, a laid-back officer who wielded a strong hand when necessary.
-0.2	She was either a Cathy or a Patty.
1.0	There have been 800 reported cases of the flu in Cuba, including seven deaths.
1.2	Also up for grabs is a House seat from the 9th District, which includes Pullman and Cheney.
1.6	He said it if Captain Camara stood for election in January, it would be difficult to see how such a vote could be credible or bring normalization of ties between Guinea, its neighbors, and the international community.
0.0	The Coast Guard would confirm only the collection of 12 oiled-but-surviving birds.
1.4	After finishing 2-11 last season in Wulff's first year, the Cougars have four games left against Arizona, UCLA, Oregon State and Washington.
1.6	At a Homeland Security committee meeting recently, he called for rapid delivery of the swine flu vaccine to protect college students traveling during the holidays.
1.2	From here, the Maoists recruited and trained disgruntled tribal villagers and slowly spread out.
0.8	His campaign manager Satar Murad said the candidate might still change his mind, but that "as of now" he planned to call for a boycott.
-0.8	The farmers have little choice: qat is the only way to make a profit.
1.2	The U.S. unemployment rate remains stubbornly high at 9.8 percent, despite a $787 billion economic stimulus that Obama and his fellow Democrats, who control Congress, pushed through in February.
-0.4	If true, he did not have far to go.
1.8	It has emerged that, in two separate judgments, the London Court of International Arbitration has ruled that the Belizean government must now pay the two companies $41m - almost £25m - to meet its obligations under the agreement signed by its predecessor.
2.0	Saeb Erekat, the chief negotiator for the Palestinian Authority, told CNN on Saturday that Abbas emphasized to Clinton that talks have not resumed because the Israeli government has not lived up to what he called its obligations, which include halting settlement building in the occupied West Bank and in predominantly Palestinian East Jerusalem.
0.4	The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration uses a measurement called Accumulated Cyclone Energy, or the ACE Index, to determine a season's activity.
1.4	Yuan Guiren, in replacement of Zhou Ji, was appointed minister of education.
1.4	A phone call and e-mail to Roger Kerson, a UAW spokesman, weren't returned.
1.8	He declined to say whether the recession is over, saying economists will figure that out years from now.
0.8	The 1 percent decrease, the smallest since January, suggests companies anticipate a pickup in sales and don't want to deplete stockpiles much more.
0.4	Talks were going nowhere last week, prompting Clinton to get on the phone to both Micheletti and Zelaya to insist in what was described as blunt language that they close the gap preventing an agreement.
1.0	"And a lot of economic trees gone. The Anglican Church is on the verge of going. One man from Egboku after going to wedding, seeing the volume of water, he stopped his car to see the depth so that he will know how to pass. As soon as he stepped down, he was swept off to the stream down there and that was the end of the man."
2.0	Gardens remain one of the few flourishes of public ornament on Baghdad's otherwise brown streets, defiant displays of foliage amid concrete blast walls and security checkpoints.
2.2	In the opening speech, Mr Mubarak laid out plans for much-needed improvements to healthcare, education and transport.
0.4	Officials reviewed the catch - perhaps the only time the Irish were in suspense all night.
-0.4	"Right now, the provinces are getting interested, it's not just the capital," Ms. Nori said.
1.2	"This attack was about street culture, and the need to change that mind-set," said Jay Leonhardy, a nationally recognized community organizer who heads Richmond's Youth Works, which steers at-risk kids into work and education programs.
1.4	Bill Evans, head of global economics at Westpac, says he believed rates could rise by 0.50 per cent on Tuesday.
-0.2	He refused to comment further.
1.6	It is understood that Ashcroft did not attend meetings with either Kerry or Clinton.
0.8	Sharing might be easier in Salem, where witchcraft has become something of a cottage industry.
0.4	Weis said Crist thought he heard something in his knee when he went down.
0.4	"He was flying, just like he liked to," she said.
0.8	There were claims last night that many of those who sit on the 31-strong council - which advises ministers on what evidence there is of harm caused by drugs - may resign en masse, raising serious doubts about how ministers will justify policy decisions.
1.6	According to his son Qian Yonggang, the Kuomintang once invited Qian to come back but he refused.
0.8	Gordon Brown is secretly backing David Miliband to be the European Union's foreign affairs chief - clearing the way for one of his protégés to be Labour's next leader.
-0.4	He never arrived.
0.8	Second ACMD report, recommending reclassification of Ecstasy, is overruled.
-0.2	The National Association of Realtors' report on pending home sales is due Nov. 2.
1.6	The unrest in the Tibetan capital, Lhasa, began with demonstrations that marked the 49th anniversary of Tibet's failed uprising against China.
1.8	According to Environment Commissioner Egbebike, local residents have also contributed to the problem.
1.8	In the coastal town of Ternate in Cavite province, where the typhoon exited, a tornado destroyed 25 houses and injured one resident, Bragas said.
-1.4	"I wish they caught me six years ago, eight years ago."
0.4	"Some of the folks who I have known probably would say: Because this is a short appointment, don't let too many days go by before you contribute what we know you can contribute," Kirk said.
0.4	The "blasphemous act of challenging the mighty pen of the Goswami" however has led to holy fury in Ayodhya.
1.0	The subsidies the state offers to moderate-income families who make too much money to qualify for Medicaid, but who cannot afford insurance on their own, is a crucial piece of the puzzle.
0.0	Mr. Eryani, the water minister, takes the long view.
1.2	In a statement, Ten said: "We have yet to make firm plans regarding Fifth Grader."
0.0	Steve Field, its chairman, said: "If there is enough vaccine available, it would be sensible to use it for children, who are the most vulnerable. They have had no previous immunisation or exposure to the virus."
0.8	This month, Metzler has been piecing together documents relating to the life of Stefan Heym, a late German-Jewish writer who chose to live in the GDR but was frequently at odds with the regime and was spied on relentlessly.
0.0	"When you take care of the garden, you forget the war. But when the situation is good, you're too busy with work."
1.4	Ford Motor Co. hourly employees have rejected contract concessions the automaker said it needed to remain competitive with its U.S. rivals, said two people familiar with the outcome of the voting.
1.4	However, Obama signed into law legislation Congress passed barring the release of any detainees from Guantanamo into the United States.
1.0	The lender said "through the substantial deleveraging featured in CIT's restructuring plan, whether completed in or out of court, the company is confident that CIT will emerge as a strong bank-holding company with improved capital, liquidity and earnings potential."
1.0	U.S. Citizenship and Immigrations Services spokeswoman Sharon Rumry in San Francisco declined to talk about Chaudhry, noting that the agency does not comment on open cases.
1.0	George Osborne, the shadow chancellor, laid out a detailed "austerity package" at the Conservative conference last month with £23 billion of cuts to Whitehall spending, quangos and public sector pay.
1.4	Hurricane Ike, for example, was such a destructive storm because it was so large and had a massive storm surge, yet its intensity was only that of a Category 2 hurricane.
0.6	Larry Hamermesh, a business law professor at Widener University in Delaware, said the state gets an unfair rap.
0.2	Some critics claim it can be difficult to see where Mr Blair's political work ends and his commercial endeavours begin.
-0.2	Palestinians see Jewish settlement building as one of the biggest threats to their ability to form a viable state in the territories of the West Bank, east Jerusalem and the Gaza Strip.
-0.2	"The 16th district is overwhelmingly Republican. It's just a matter of, is there still loyalty to the Grant name?"
1.8	The race has pitted conservative and moderate wings of the Republican Party as political leaders seek to stake out the future of the GOP.
1.0	After watching his team hold Charlotte to its franchise-low scoring output (59) in Wednesday's win, Rivers had complained that the offense lagged behind the defense.
1.2	Caltrans plans to increase routine inspections of the bridge and the repair.
0.0	He never returned, and neither did their daughter.
0.2	"It's been through so many changes over the years to keep it fresh, there's possibly nothing left, really," Dr Brennan said.
0.8	Liberal Democrat Treasury spokesman Lord Oakeshott said Ashcroft's role was a matter of deep concern and showed that Cameron's claims to be promoting transparency at all levels of the Conservative party were "bogus".
-2.6	Push.
1.8	Raynham store manager Bert Cabral, who noted that his shop is the busiest in Massachusetts, also talked about hiring a manager from one of the big electronics chains to help improve Wal-Mart's customer service efforts.
0.6	"There is an urgent need for countries like Australia and Germany to offer permanent refuge for not only the Uighurs temporarily resettled in Palau or still detained at Guantanamo, but also detainees from countries like Algeria, Libya and Tajikistan," he said.
0.8	There could be further divestments required of RBS but these are not expected to include its extensive activities in the US, including its ownership of Citizens Bank.
0.8	"To cast it as a friend and interim appointee succeeding Senator Kennedy," he said, pausing.
0.6	Overseas companies are banned from making donations to political parties in Britain.
1.2	Samsung Electronics Co., Asia's biggest maker of chips, flat screens and mobile phones, said Oct. 30 profit tripled to a quarterly record.
-0.8	So we chatted to some of the characters at local haunted houses.
-0.4	The Naxalites have killed more than 2,600 people, including civilians, in 5,800 incidents in last three years.
-0.2	"We will have an assessment of the issues that arose - why this has turned out to be so acute," he said.
1.4	The MDC has a long list of complaints it alleges are non-fulfillment of the Global Political Agreement and wants resolved before it can participate fully in government.
0.8	All told, 53,000 feet of containment booms had been set out around the ship itself as well as important beaches.
2.4	In addition, the administration's senior leadership for Latin America is awaiting congressional approval, which has left periods when no one was in charge of policy on Honduras.
0.2	Stronger than expected inflation figures released last week, plus news on Friday that the US has emerged from recession, have made a rate rise this week a certainty.
0.2	"The outstanding thing in those has not been the very strong winds, but the extremely heavy rainfall and flooding. Under global warming, with increased activity, you would certainly expect more intense storms, but you can also simply get bigger storms with more rainfall."
0.2	The Ukrainian government is taking some of the sternest measures in the world against the spread of the swine flu virus, ordering schools nationwide to close for three weeks, banning public gatherings and imposing restrictions on travel.
0.0	"Every day, I wake up and think, am I going to hear her voice today," Hebert said.
0.8	Obama said steps taken by his administration to jump-start the economy, including the stimulus package of spending and tax cuts, had helped "blunt the worst of this recession."
1.6	The political weight carried by the Grant name is difficult to overstate in the area, said Democratic consultant Paul Berendt, who worked on Bill Grant's first successful House campaign.
-2.0	"What can we do?"
2.0	Among TBA's first clients was the government of Kuwait, which agreed a seven-figure deal for advice on 'good governance' from the former Prime Minister.
1.2	Richmond High, which is 76 percent Latino, had the highest increase in its district last year in its state Adequate Yearly Progress scores.
0.8	The Senate Finance Committee bill also could end the Massachusetts Health Insurance Connector Authority's ability to aggressively bargain with insurers on behalf of consumers and taxpayers, turning it into a toothless agency - little more than a Yellow Pages listing of insurers.
0.0	"There have been constant meetings between the pirates, and they finally disagreed over the management of the couple," said Mahamoud, a resident of Xarardheere, a pirate stronghold along the shore.
0.6	Aung San Suu Kyi has spent 14 of the past 20 years under some form of detention.
1.8	For Falah Mohammed, standing beneath a massive topiary arch by his driveway, the improved security in Baghdad has brought its own problem: he cannot find a gardener with enough time to take care of his trees.
-0.4	"I didn't understand why someone would spend so much money to get a dog catcher's job," McGowan said.
0.6	In a meeting, Qian paced around the room, listened to everyone's ideas and ask them further questions for about 40 minutes.
0.0	"It's not something you change overnight, and it is not unique to Richmond, Oakland, Portland or Los Angeles. It's everywhere.
0.8	Prosecutors say Friehling never performed an audit of Madoff's company.
0.0	That simplistic kind of presentation of youth on TV has shown its limits over the decades; easy-to-read stereotypes no longer seem credible.
1.2	But he also pointed out two local wells where the water is dropping at the astonishing rate of almost 60 feet a year, causing the land to subside.
2.0	He also has been working on a variety of constituent issues that had accumulated since before Kennedy's death on Aug. 25.
0.8	Mr Carter was given a peerage and quit No10 after a series of internal rows.
0.4	The proposal would limit donations to candidates to $5,000 each for the primary and general elections from individuals, $10,000 from corporations and unions and $50,000 from political action committees.
1.6	And there was one more obvious piece missing in the new version -- Quinn's proposal to ban the state Democratic Party from making endorsements in primaries.
0.0	Israel has been resisting that demand for months, and has given no indication it would be willing to call a total freeze.
0.4	The charge sheet stated Corben had sexual intercourse with the woman "and knowing that she was not consenting to the sexual intercourse, in circumstances of aggravation, to wit, deprived the liberty of the victim for a period before the commission of the offence".
2.2	A lawyer for Burma's detained opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi says she has been informed of the upcoming visit of two senior U.S. officials and is preparing to meet them.
1.8	Critics of Ashcroft complain about the confidential nature of the "accommodation agreements" - one signed with Telemedia, a telecoms company previously owned by the Tory peer, and the other his Belizean bank.
0.6	Since the return of Australian Idol on Sunday nights, Rove's ratings have again slid to under a million people nationally.
1.4	Among the letters are ones from Democratic U.S. Sens. Patty Murray and Maria Cantwell of Washington and U.S. Rep. Doc Hastings, R-Pasco.
1.4	He did not know the status of the airspace at the time of the crash.
1.4	It is accounting 101, Madoff told the inspector general, to look at DTC - Depositor Trust Commission - to discover a Ponzi scheme.
1.4	Since the $65 billion Madoff Ponzi scheme came to light last year and the average hedge fund posted its worst-ever returns by losing 19 percent in 2008, many investors have demanded more data from hedge funds to try and eliminate any whiff of potential problems.
0.2	Tugged by her story, he and his staff joined Hebert in knocking on government doors and making calls.
2.2	Mr Darling is also expected to hive off into a 'good bank' the viable parts of the 100 per cent State-owned Northern Rock, which crashed after the August 2007 credit crunch.
1.6	Clinton said the offer that the Israeli government is making on settlements is "unprecedented."
0.6	The remainder were able to pick themselves up and walk away, albeit extremely dazed and distressed.
0.2	"Well, all this stuff about having to choose between glee and football is making it hard for me to lead. Leaders are supposed to see things that other guys don't, right, like they can imagine a future when things are better. . . . I see a future where it's cool to be in glee club, where you can play football and sing and dance and no one gets down on you for it. The more different you are, the better. . . . I don't want to have to choose between them anymore. It's not cool."
1.2	Also running are J. Brad Batteau, Kenneth Perkins and Donald Cook.
2.0	By Saturday afternoon, the Coast Guard had deployed 22 vessels, one helicopter and teams of wildlife crews to assess damage along San Francisco and Alameda shorelines.
-0.4	In short, Finn is saying, "Don't fence me in."
1.0	Seidman is a flight engineer with a 23-year career in the Coast Guard.
0.6	And Mr Ellam was replaced by Mr Lewis.
1.2	But it is understood that Mr Hampton's widow Olena Gryshcuk and her family were deeply unhappy with that verdict.
1.6	"However, were there to be a stimulus the government would have to be even more convincing to voters and the financial markets that they have credible plans to repair the public finances in the longer term."
-1.2	"I don't think Nativity scenes belong on the outside of capitols either," Gaylor said.
1.4	On the other side of the campus, more than 400 students partied at the homecoming dance.
0.6	King ran unsuccessfully for mayor of Oakland against Jerry Brown in 1998, and has been with AC ever since.
2.0	Premier Wen Jiabao's $586 billion stimulus plan and unprecedented growth in new loans are sustaining China's rebound amid signs that exports may start to recover as the global slump eases.
0.6	The opposition crowd had turned out at the rally at Conakry's main stadium to protest suggestions by Captain Camara that he would run for president in elections planned for January.
0.4	The challenge of a marquee point guard matchup with Derrick Rose was once motivation for Rondo, but Rivers said that since the preseason, his point guard has been playing at a consistently high level every night.
0.6	The Standard & Poor's 500 Index fell last week, marking the first monthly drop since February, after reports prompted concern that consumers will restrain the economic recovery.
-0.2	Arreola was the worst hit.
0.6	Both sides expect a close race.
1.8	Even as drought kills off Yemen's crops, farmers in villages like this one are turning increasingly to a thirsty plant called qat, the leaves of which are chewed every day by most Yemeni men (and some women) for their mild narcotic effect.
1.6	"If terrorists and militants from Pakistan try to carry out any attack in India, they will not only be defeated but will be retaliated very strongly," he said in his speech in Tamil.
1.6	Research published this year showed that for every 2,000 women screened regularly for a decade, one life would be saved but 10 healthy women would be treated unnecessarily.
0.2	The appointed replacement, Rep. Don Cox, R-Colfax, had previously retired from the Legislature and did not run to keep the seat.
-0.4	The administration cut some aid and yanked the visas of senior pro-coup leaders and businessmen, but at the same time said it was reluctant to appear overly "interventionist" in a region with a long history of U.S. meddling.
0.2	There were a lot of people to lead.
0.0	Such a showdown was almost inevitable.
1.8	Growth in Asia including Japan, Australia and New Zealand will probably accelerate to 5.8 percent next year from 2.8 percent this year, it said.
0.8	Last week, sensitive quarterback Finn delivered a speech that was one of the pop-operatic series' realest moments so far.
-0.4	"When a collector's report is bluntly denied by a Chief Justice of a High Court, we have to resort to some independent inquiry," the CJI told TOI.
0.0	He planned to build a museum to display them that he claimed would be the greatest in the world.
0.2	Jeff Downing, a lawyer running in District A, says drainage needs a serious, studied approach, not "quick Band-Aids."
2.0	Although Qian, a Hangzhou native in east China's Zhejiang Province, had long been a Beijing resident, his hometown friends feel close to him.
0.0	"I am older," he said sternly.
1.4	Now the 70-year-old retired cadre is being denounced by some as a liar and a traitor, accused of spilling state secrets and disrupting Chinese harmony.
0.0	Some even sprinkled the wheels of their cars with holy water and cruised around town to ward off witches.
1.8	"To have the knowledge about what happened is for the majority better than not having that knowledge, or not being allowed access to it," she said.
1.2	He will have to report daily to police, is not allowed out between 9pm and 6am, cannot consume alcohol or enter a licensed premises, must surrender his passport and not have any direct or indirect contact with the alleged victim.
0.8	It's archaic to define young TV characters at a glance, to merely stamp them with shorthand labels such as "popular kid" or "jock."
-0.6	Notre Dame has had the opposite problem.
1.2	Prof Nutt revealed that many of his advisory council colleagues were equally upset with the Government and may also leave in protest.
-0.8	The coup was both a throwback to the region's dark past of civil war and military takeover and emblematic of a struggle underway today in Central and South America, where several leftist leaders with authoritarian tendencies have risen to power through elections and tested the bounds of democracy.
0.8	But now there is a place in Baghdad for his creations, he said.
1.2	His ideas include merging Houston's police academy with HCC's, sharing traffic duties with Metro's transit police, and combining jails with Harris County.
0.8	It took the corruption arrest of a sitting governor, 10 months of political sparring and two attempts before top lawmakers and reform advocates could agree on Illinois' first-ever sweeping restrictions on campaign donations.
1.4	Lord Jopling, who also wrote a report into money laundering and terrorism for the House of Lords, has warned that paying off pirates could encourage terrorist groups into further acts of piracy.
-0.2	Supervisor Ross Mirkarimi said he's glad a distracted Newsom will have more time for his day job.
1.0	The Coast Guard plane had been on a search mission for a couple of days before Thursday's crash.
1.2	"This area is not real conducive to the occult," said the Rev. Adam Taubert, pastor of First Baptist Church in nearby Hoopeston, where the Witch School operated before moving to Rossville.
1.0	With the delinking of Justice Dinakaran's name from the original list, the government would start meeting the requirements under the memorandum of procedure for appointment of judges to the Supreme Court, which at present has seven vacancies considerably increasing the workload on judges.
2.4	A spokesman for the Foreign Office confirmed it had employed a negotiator and said: "We are aware of reports that a ransom demand of $7m has been made. HMG's policy remains clear: We will not make substantive concessions to hostage takers, including the payment of ransoms."
1.2	Dr Matthew Hickman, reader in public health and epidemiology at the University of Bristol, said: 'The decision will be made on Monday.'
0.6	If the newest repair should break, officials said, pieces of metal have been attached to the bridge to keep the patch from falling.
0.0	Matt Adams, legal director for the Northwest Immigrant Rights Project in Seattle, said he was surprised when he learned the government had reviewed Chaudhry's employment application with the Yakima police.
1.0	The search covered 644 square miles of ocean but rescuers were concentrating on a debris field 50 miles off the San Diego coast.
2.2	He has the support of neighbors, military veterans, his church, members of Congress and even a former immigration adjudicator, totaling 28 letters requesting immigration authorities to allow him to stay in the country.
0.8	"I don't think, of course, that it was the intention of the United States government," Fidel Castro wrote.
-0.2	"I worry about them," said Mardiana, who, like the brothers, goes by one name.
-0.4	"There are other nice collections, but they are usually oriented towards one particular car or period. He bought across the board. He had everything. There was not a single type of car he did not have. He could send cars to any event that was specializing in any genre and they really wouldn't have to ask anyone else."
0.4	Cecelia Peterson, who previously bought her electronics at Circuit City in Plymouth, is now shopping at the Wal-Mart in Raynham for her DVDs and prepaid cellphones.
0.8	He does not regard building in occupied East Jerusalem, annexed in defiance of international complaint, as settlement.
-0.2	The pirates had been keeping the Chandlers, who were attacked Oct. 23 as they were sailing in their yacht in the Indian Ocean, in the captain's quarters of another vessel they had hijacked.
0.8	U.S. Senator Jim Webb held a landmark meeting with Burma's military leader Than Shwe in August.
0.2	While many of the estimated 2,000 participants see the Pilsen event as merely part of the autumn race circuit, others like Arreola enter the event with more heartfelt motivations, said Juan Rangel, president of the United Neighborhood Organization, the group that organizes the race as a fundraiser for education.
1.4	He said Beijing was fooling the world into thinking the situation between the Tibetan people and the Chinese had improved.
0.8	"In the sheer number of significant cars, I don't think there has ever been one like this," said Ken Dougherty, owner of a Houston company that buys, sells and restores classic cars and an early adviser when O'Quinn took up the hobby.
0.6	That means it would cost $3.85 million initially and $500,000 annually to protect $10 million of CIT bonds from default for five years.
-0.6	Unemployment data out November 12 will be a key factor.
-0.6	"We were searching in that area because of the drift that would have naturally occurred after that event."
1.4	CIT's agreement to "give control to the noteholders" and an accelerated process for appointing directors "significantly improve corporate governance and cash flow protections, and are positive for the company and all noteholders," Icahn said in a statement yesterday, explaining why he changed his vote in favor of the prepackaged bankruptcy.
1.4	However, Abbas spokesman Nabil Abu Rdainah, speaking from Abu Dhabi where Abbas met Clinton earlier on Saturday, said there could be no change in the Palestinian position:
0.6	Matt Nichols threw for 413 yards and four touchdowns and tied the record for most TD passes in school history as Eastern Washington rolled past Portland State 47-10 on Saturday.
-0.6	The progress means there is a glimmer of hope that the bridge could reopen in time for Monday's commute.
0.0	The remaining three are Joe Chow, Khalid Khan and Mike Laster.
1.6	Fueled by street-macho bravado and inspired by sexual initiations required to get into some local gangs, they began the attack, investigators say.
0.0	"Hopefully a wise eye will see that this is not a case that they want in the public eye and Mr. Chaudhry will remain in the country he loves."
-1.0	"It could have been much worse, thankfully we've only got lower limb injuries."
-0.2	Many days, the boys arrive at school tired and sweaty after a hard row.
-0.8	"That is my flag," he says.
0.0	The Mail on Sunday has confirmed that one of his main roles at the company is to explore business opportunities in Libya.
-0.4	Two Tibetans were executed earlier this week for their roles in the riots.
0.0	"You really think I've never kissed a guy before," he said to her in his whispery coo.
1.0	Following decisions to reject its advice on cannabis and ecstasy, there have been questions about its purpose.
0.4	"One is that the activist base of the party is becoming increasingly powerful in the one area that had eluded them: candidate selection. Other conservative Republicans may now feel more comfortable if they decide to challenge incumbents in primaries."
0.0	The projected drop in employment would be the smallest since August 2008, indicating the labor market is deteriorating at a slower pace.
0.2	The killings sent a chill through peasant activist groups that often have a testy relationship with the Mexican government.
0.6	They have been described as "brutal" by one source, and "very delicate" by another, he said.
0.2	"We welcome competition and objective opposition," he told delegates.
1.6	A few were Maoist sympathizers, the man on the motorcycle said, but most were wrongly swept up in the raid.
1.4	"As long as the economic data points towards a recovery then the RBA will want to get up to a cash rate of around five per cent by the end of next year and that requires seven quarter-point increases," Mr Oliver says.
1.2	China's keystone space scientist Qian Xuesen, widely acclaimed as the country's "father of space technology" and "king of rocketry", died of illness here Saturday morning at the age of 98.
1.6	In his address Saturday, the Dalai Lama said Chinese police never tried to stop the violence.
1.0	A seasonal ACE Index is simply the summation of all the storm values.
0.6	However, Baloi would not say exactly when the summit would be held.
0.8	Donors and some advisers told him to temper the policy proposals that might not play well in conservative parts of California.
1.0	The Obama administration is set to decide by mid-November which of the remaining prisoners at Guantanamo will face military commissions or charges in U.S. criminal courts.
0.2	Under the prepackaged plan, CIT bondholders will get 70 cents on the dollar in the form of new notes and equity in the reorganized company.
1.8	Zelaya's removal from office has been viewed worldwide as one of the most serious challenges to face Latin America in a decade.
1.4	"After the rate hike last month, the Reserve Bank said that it wanted to get rates back towards a 'neutral' setting, which has traditionally been five to six per cent," Mr Eslake says.
0.8	A UN spokeswoman said an investigation into that case continues, though Austrian police have concluded it was suicide.
2.0	"I cannot have public confusion between scientific advice and policy, and have therefore lost confidence in your ability to advise me as chair of the ACMD."
0.6	Spokesman Robert Wood says the two will meet with members of the government as well as the opposition, including Aung San Suu Kyi.
-1.0	The new banks could include TSB - whose branches were taken over by Lloyds - and Williams & Glyn's, owned by RBS.
0.4	After helping her, he set off to return to his sailboat, which was anchored at the Avalon harbor.
2.0	A senior Nato adviser on piracy has criticised the government for failing to investigate adequately whether ransom payments to Somali pirates fund Islamist groups including al-Qaida.
1.6	But if the government established a link between the pirates and terrorist groups, the payment of ransoms would be considered as funding terrorism and be banned by law.
1.2	However, after meeting with Netanyahu and Abbas in New York last month, President Obama softened his language on a settlement "freeze," saying that Israel has had meaningful discussions about "restraining" settlement activity.
1.0	McClain was not alone.
1.6	"There is a commission that should have been set up, the media, commission, it's taking long because if it was in place it was supposed to deal with whatever issues related to media complaints."
1.0	Some of the hundreds of gallons of bunker fuel oil spilled Friday in San Francisco Bay have started washing onto shore, polluting area beaches and killing dozens of birds.
1.4	From there, he went to Kennedy's former office with its expansive view of the Capitol, to prepare for the move to his own more modest digs on the first floor.
-0.2	"Life is very difficult," the man said.
1.4	The file showed the extent to which Anderson betrayed fellow artists and dissidents.
1.2	"We have been suffering for years from this," he said, gesturing at a cast-off drill rig that broke after going down too deep into the earth.
2.4	About 40 miles from Laheri, a processing plant owned by Essar Steel has been closed for five months.
1.6	Austoker, director of the primary care education research group at Oxford University, who is writing the advice by the NHS breast screening programme, said: "We want to make sure that all the risks of breast screening are referred to in appropriate detail.
1.8	"Demand from China is helping sustain South Korean exports, while orders from the U.S. and elsewhere still remain weak."
2.2	If the virus continues to spread at current rates and enough vaccine is available, it will be extended to schoolchildren.
1.0	Khan owns a travel agency and is president of the Pakistani-American Association of Greater Houston.
0.6	Other candidates include Rick Rodriguez, a 24-year Houston police officer, and Lonnie Allsbrooks, the owner of Beer Island in the Heights.
0.4	The E-Puzzler, believed to be the world's most sophisticated pattern-recognition machine, would work by scanning the small paper strips into a computer image file and analyzing their texture, shape, thickness and tear patterns to compose a digitalized image of a whole document.
1.4	"At least 1,000 people depend on this well," said Hassan Yahya al-Khayari, 38, as he stood watching water pour from a black rubber tube into a tanker truck near his home in Sana.
1.0	Association of Chief Police Officers says it now believes cannabis should be upgraded.
0.6	China's manufacturing expanded at the fastest pace in 18 months and a government researcher said economic growth will accelerate this quarter.
1.2	China's top legislature closed Saturday its five-day bimonthly meeting, adopted a law on diplomatic personnel and appointed a new minister of education.
1.8	His departure to Brussels would be a boon for Balls, the schools secretary, who is Brown's most loyal henchman and who has made no secret of his ambition to lead the party.
1.2	"It's a bad situation," said one villager who asked not to be identified, fearing retribution from both sides.
0.8	Little Sally Draper (Kiernan Shipka) is a "Patty Duke"-era girl - indeed, "Mad Men" is currently set during the month "The Patty Duke Show" premiered in 1963 - and on a "Patty Duke"-like show, she'd just be a lispy Shirley Temple doll with a crush on Daddy.
1.8	Price has been helping lead counseling sessions on campus, and to support the hundreds of students who staged rallies and gatherings to denounce violence.
0.2	She serves on the boards of the Memorial City Redevelopment Authority and the Spring Branch Medical Center.
1.2	The vice premier said that during his visit to Australia a consensus was reached to enhance the Chinese-Australian friendship, to deepen mutual beneficial cooperation, and to respect and care for each other's core interests and important concerns.
0.0	"There's not a word to describe the overwhelming depression," Ann Chaudhry said as her eyes moistened.
0.4	Ms. Tymoshenko, one of the leading candidates, and her bitter rival, President Viktor A. Yushchenko, who is far behind in polls in his bid for re-election, both sought to make clear that they were aggressively addressing the outbreak.
-0.8	Taiwan's Eastern Television will also air the program on Saturday evening.
1.2	The Tempe, Arizona-based Institute for Supply Management may report tomorrow that its manufacturing index climbed to 53 in October, the highest level since August 2006, the survey median showed.
0.2	Caltrans officials said the problems had been solved, but they have yet to make the final sign-off.
-0.6	"It was a bit of a shock to see everyone lying there - there was a lot of screaming," he said.
0.6	O'Quinn was a force previously unwitnessed in the classic car world.
0.2	The incident occurred late in the week during an interrogation at the general directorate of criminal investigations in Baghdad, the ministry said in a statement.
0.2	The empty yacht belonging to the Chandlers, who are from Tunbridge Wells, Kent, was found during counter-piracy operations.
-0.8	"When the situation was dangerous, people from other neighborhoods were unable to come here, and we couldn't go there," he said.
1.4	His gaze focused, Fandi stood for better leverage, extending two long oars into the water.
-0.4	'Nothing has changed'
-0.4	Still, he said, he does not like to see a beautiful tree overshadowed by an ugly concrete blast wall.
-1.2	"That poor girl will have a lot of healing to do."
-0.4	"But the number of people is rising, and the water is growing less and less."
0.4	Landowners "certainly have participated in press campaigns against me and conspired in meetings where they said they must eliminate the cancer that I represent," Montes told The Times in 1991, after his brother's death.
0.8	"On this day, he had gotten in a shipment of about eight cars - a woody, a hot rod, some car from the '20s, a DeLorean. We had business to do, so what we did was get in the woody and drive this set route he always took. He drove and we talked business on the way out, then talked about the car on the way back. Then we got in another car and did the same thing."
0.4	She later won more than $1 million in a lawsuit against some of Lozano's family members over his escape, but that was overturned on appeal .
0.6	She said: 'We are all devastated by his dismissal. That is a personal and group sentiment. It is a possibility we will resign. But that is only one option. There will be some sort of collective action.'
0.2	The girl said no.
-0.4	Deep gullies, washed away homes, bridges and roads are hard to ignore.
0.0	He says his honesty is costing him his dream of living in this country with his wife Ann, a U.S. citizen.
0.2	This was confirmed to TOI by the Chief Justice of India K G Balakrishnan.
1.0	Even the neighborhood ex-cons who lounge against their cars all afternoon at the back end of campus are outraged.
0.2	She's made four trips to Mexico and met with mercenary types who talked of guns, bribes and a private plane to snatch up Bianca.
1.6	Both Lewis Cook and Al Hoang, a Vietnamese immigrant, are lawyers.
1.2	Friend and personal attorney Dale Jefferson went to a couple of auctions with him and marveled at the joy he showed when the cars started rolling across the block.
0.8	Lozano had visitation rights.
0.6	"The fact is that the infrastructure of this fraud is still there. Almost 1.5 million votes were rigged. Nothing has changed," he told the BBC.
0.8	The virus is spreading across Eastern Europe, but it was not clear why Ms. Tymoshenko chose to undertake stronger moves, like closing schools nationwide, than her counterparts in Russia and Poland.
1.6	United Auto Workers and Ford leaders have conceded the contract changes were defeated, said the people, who asked not to be identified disclosing results before they are announced tomorrow.
2.2	As in the first round, the details were agreed on over opposition from Republicans who are in the minority and complained they were shut out of the process.
1.6	Clinton made it clear that she wasn't pleased with Israeli settlement construction but that it was no reason to hold up talks.
1.4	Downing Street spin-doctor Damian McBride was forced out over leaked emails containing unfounded slurs against Tory MP Nadine Dorries.
0.8	However, Vaz, one of Labour's most influential MPs, also appeared to have concerns about the nature of Nutt's sacking.
0.6	"Earlier," said one villager, "we used to fear the tigers and wild boars. Now we fear the guns of the Naxalites and the police."
2.2	On the afternoon of April 8, 2006, he was helping lead a patrol around the Marine base to provide cover for Iraqi employees who were being massacred for working with the Americans.
-0.4	On a recent visit to the former Stasi headquarters in Berlin, Chancellor Angela Merkel, who grew up in East Germany, said the large number of applications from people wishing to view the information the Stasi held on them showed that people want to know more, even if the truth is bitter.
0.6	They say they have dipped into savings, cashed in IRAs and taken out a second mortgage just to get by.
0.0	Throughout the budget battle of the spring and summer, Newsom repeatedly scolded anybody who used the word "crisis."
1.2	In rural areas, people can often be seen gathering drinking water from cloudy, stagnant cisterns where animals drink.
-0.2	"They are not letting them celebrate."
0.0	Topiaries are not traditional in Iraq, said Salwa Nori, an agricultural engineer and garden designer.
0.0	In the book, so far only available in Chinese, Yuan writes about a deal he says was cut during a cloak-and-dagger meeting in a Geneva hotel room eight years ago in which China promised to support the candidacy of Belgian Jacques Rogge as head of the International Olympic Committee in return for his support of Beijing's Olympic bid.
0.6	Six plays later, Taiwan Jones plowed in from 1-yard out to extend the Eagles' lead to 13-2 following a missed extra point and the game was never close after that.
1.4	A key change from the vetoed bill would tie new contribution limits to the primary and general elections rather than calendar years, reducing the advantage of incumbents who could raise money around the clock.
1.2	Eventually, more schools were built, cutting travel times.
1.6	In 2007 Tang learned from Yee that ValueAct was trying to acquire Little Rock, Arkansas-based data management company Acxiom, the SEC said.
1.4	Netanyahu's coalition, including pro-settler groups, does not believe Abbas is strong enough to deliver Israel security in any deal.
1.2	But O'Quinn surpassed them all, and he boasted a vision beyond the mere acquisition of cars for personal whim or pleasure.
0.0	Sometimes, when his older brother is running late, Alfan leaves school without him, knowing his brother will catch a ride with someone.
1.2	Clinton also agreed with a statement by Netanyahu that Palestinians had never demanded a settlement freeze in the past as a condition for sitting down with Israel.
0.6	But the bottom line for Massachusetts is hard to quantify because the state has developed its system through a special arrangement with the federal government, known as a Medicaid "waiver," outside of the regular Medicaid rules.
1.8	Asked about his letter to the law ministry, the CJI said that "If anyone has done any thing that would amount to misconduct, we do not want him as a Judge of the Supreme Court."
-0.8	"I carry a gun because they carry a gun."
0.2	Magistrate George Zdenkowski said the allegation was extremely serious and the victim was allegedly deprived of her liberty.
1.2	Minsters says the move will mean the dismantling of the established "monopoly" over retail banking held by the high-street giants - which include Barclays, Santander (owner of Abbey) and HSBC.
1.6	Prof Nutt, 58, also accused Gordon Brown of playing politics with science after the Prime Minister ignored the advisory council's recommendations earlier and upgraded cannabis to a class B drug.
0.8	The Downing Street operation is being conducted discreetly to avoid embarrassing Blair, who remains the official preferred British candidate for a top Brussels job.
0.8	Ministers and the European Competition Commissioner are in talks over reducing the scale of state-supported banks.
-0.4	After that, the rounds of final inspections begin.
1.2	As peddlers spread their wares over blankets, the nearby government office was locked behind a closed gate.
1.0	Cuba's former leader, Fidel Castro, has blamed the growth in swine flu on an increase in US visitors to the island.
2.0	Quickly after Scozzafava's announcement, Republican National Committee Chairman Michael Steele said the RNC is endorsing Hoffman, saying the change of course is effective immediately and will include financial backing and get-out-the-vote efforts for the Conservative Party candidate.
1.0	The House just released its final bill on Thursday, and the Senate is still melding the Finance Committee's proposal with one crafted by the Committee on Health, Education, Labor and Pensions.
-0.8	The Talk wanted to know what makes those people hired to give us nightmares tick.
1.2	Officials were continuing the search today, using cadaver dogs and extending the hunt to nearby houses and vacant lots, thus raising the prospect that even more bodies could eventually turn up.
0.6	The court also heard the pair did not know each other before the incident.
1.0	There, authorities booked him on two counts of aggravated assault and transported him to a Maricopa County jail in Phoenix, police said.
-0.6	"It's different from the Cosco Busan, but in both cases it's inexcusable."
1.4	Local officials are practical about such perils.
0.4	Months of off-and-on talks, ultimatums and near-deals seemed to only deepen the polarization that was pushing the country toward an ever more violent denouement.
0.8	They will be sold to new entrants to the banking market and not to existing financial institutions.
1.0	The number of Yemenis has quadrupled in the last half century, and is expected to triple again in the next 40 years, to about 60 million.
0.8	"At some point, you have to honor the Constitution."
-1.8	"That's not Gavin."
-0.2	Tuel was also picked off twice.
1.0	The disclosure comes as new details emerged of Mr Blair's business affairs in the Middle East.
0.8	The tiny state of Delaware beats the Alpine country in a contest for the most secretive financial jurisdiction, a tax justice rights group said on Saturday.
-0.6	Unetra Buckner, 29, said she ultimately chose Brown after two visits to her home by his campaign workers, as well as several phone calls about the councilman's efforts to fight a school bond referendum widely opposed in the African-American community.
0.0	"We are almost unique in the G20 in that we do not currently have a stimulus plan for 2010-11.
0.4	"As a scorer, when you make one or two in a row, you feel like you're on fire," Pierce said.
1.4	Certainly a main attraction of the museum would be a Rolls-Royce purchased by Houstonian Howard Hughes for his new bride from a local Packard dealership.
1.2	He arrived in the U.S. on a tourist visa in 1998 and planned a life in the U.S. military when he joined in March 2001.
0.4	"He was a true science leader and master with brilliant scientific and philosophic thinking."
0.0	The landscape was far different in 2003, the last time Houston chose a mayor with no incumbent in the field.
0.8	The Rev. Donald Lewis, chancellor of the Corellian Nativist Tradition, the distinct brand of Wicca conjured up by his great-grandmother in central Illinois about half a century ago, said controversy was never the mission.
1.8	"It's not a matter of saying Massachusetts deserves special treatment, but of figuring out how states that already exceed what is likely to be in the final bill can stay there," said Robert Seifert a senior associate of the Center for Health Law and Economics at the University of Massachusetts Medical School, who wrote the Blue Cross Foundation analysis of the bills passed by five congressional committees over the past several months.
2.2	CIT arranged a $4.5 billion term loan that can be used in bankruptcy, the company said Oct. 28.
0.6	But that's to be expected during El Niño, a warming of the tropical Pacific Ocean that tends to dampen tropical activity on this side of the world.
1.0	Ford fell 30 cents, or 4.1 percent, to $7 on Oct. 30 in New York Stock Exchange composite trading.
0.0	"It's a big disaster," he said.
-0.8	"That's all I can say."
0.6	The dense jungles and mountains on the other side belong to Maoist rebels dedicated to overthrowing the government.
0.2	There are additional signs South Korea's economy is recovering.
0.0	Village head Harrison Okoye describes the devastating effects of gully erosion.
1.2	"Even if only a few simple words, it would show we have the courage to talk about it and not avoid the facts."
-0.2	"I never imagined it would be this long," said Hebert, 37, who lives in Pearland.
0.2	Many parts of the country are too dangerous for government engineers or hydrologists to venture into.
0.2	The Canadian Defense Department said the casualty was a 24-year-old Canadian national killed in a bomb blast outside the southern city of Kandahar on Friday.
0.8	Karen Derr, a real estate broker aiming for at-large position 1, has a "passion for Houston neighborhoods."
1.2	One dead grebe and an oil-soaked gull were found just across the Inner Harbor Channel at Middle Harbor, in Oakland, according to John Escobar, the assistant general manager of the East Bay Regional Park District.
0.2	The alleged assault on Friday morning happened near its famed rooftop pool bar.
1.2	The air crews would have had the dry suits with them, but it was unclear if they had them on when they crashed.
0.0	The show, created by Ryan Murphy ("Nip/Tuck"), Brad Falchuk, and Ian Brennan, is all about eschewing the George W. Bush-bred notion that real cowboys can't have moments of indecision - or love musical theater.
0.0	Home ministry sources said around 40,000 paramilitary personnel will assist the respective state police forces during the operations that will be launched soon.
1.8	Roberto Micheletti, the de facto president who replaced Zelaya, is making the opposite calculation and believes the Congress will decide against letting Zelaya return to office, said people close to Micheletti.
-1.2	Repeat.
0.8	That has caused anguish for not just her but the advisers who helped her over the past couple of years, "She really is a smart girl, but it's not always easy to fit in," the educator said.
